Prologue: The World of Gaia
There is a world known as Gaia, a world unlike most for a few reasons, the most obvious one being that it is populated by anthropomorphic animals. Despite this, they are just like any human one might know, except for one thing. Some can channel a force known as Mana to use magic. Mana, and by extension magic, is said to be a gift from the gods, a means to better protect them from the dark forces that wish to return them to the dust from which life rose. Out of the three types of magic known to them, Anima Magic, Light Magic, and Black Magic, it is Light Magic that is the most potent against these dark forces but its users are now rare. These dark forces normally consisting of monsters, along with mages corrupted by Black Magic and mercenaries who care not for anything but themselves, have hunted down these users so their bloodlines and talent are lost. However, there is yet a force capable of stopping them, the Auspex. This powerful Light Mage’s power can wipe out the darkness and the monsters that hide within no matter how strong they are. As such, they have tried to kill the Auspex before they can realize their power, and have failed each time. However, it has been over 300 years since the last known Auspex had disappeared. The forces of darkness have grown in power since then, growing ready to strike and wipe out the people of Gaia. However, they will not go without a fight. Schools and academies have risen to teach the next generation of warriors to protect Gaia and it’s people. One of these schools is Garrec Mach, one of the last to hold tomes of Light Magic within it’s halls. It is there that this story begins with a mage in training that, as fate would have it, would meet the one who holds the key to Gaia’s fate….
Chapter 1: Garrec Mach Finals
Within Gaia’s continent of Fodlan lies four academies dedicated to teaching the next generation of warriors that will protect their world and its people from the forces of darkness. Out of the four, the one that is thought to be the best is the one found in its center, Garrec Mach. There, students from all over come to learn both magic and how to fight without it. However, one of its reputation also has restrictions and as such, only those with talent are let in. Despite this, it still boasts of having over 500 students at any given time. 
There, within Garrec Mach’s halls, a young lion races to the dorms before throwing open the door to one of them yelling, “Hey wolfboy! Ready for this year’s finals?!”
The wolf in question, who was sitting on the dorm’s bed in casual clothing and his light blue fur that was visibly still unbrushed, looked at the lion with a blank stare, “You know I have a name…”
“Yeah, yeah,” The lion said, “Answer the question.”
“He’s more ready than you, I can assure you of that,” A tired sounding voice muffled by the door the lion was still holding open said.
“Uh… Who said that?” The lion asked, looking around.
“Lynhardt,” The wolf replied, “Whom you slammed into a wall when you opened the door.”
The lion blinked before pulling the door away from the wall to reveal a green furred panther wearing green robes, “Oops, sorry Lyn…”
Lynhardt sighed and stepped away from the wall he had been pressed up against, “As you always are. For gods’ sakes Ilias, when will you learn to knock before entering? Just barging it will get you killed one of these days.”
“Killed?” Ilias asked, “Why would you…”
“Not me, however tempting it might be,” Lynhardt sighed as he shook his head, “No, think about who would likely harm you for not knocking before entering.”
“Who on Gaia are you… Oh…” Ilias muttered, what Lynhardt said had clicked  in his head.
“At last he uses his brain,” Lynhardt said, “I was afraid he’d lost it.”
“Like I’d lose that!” Ilias snapped.
“Given how often you’ve lost your blade, I’d suspect you’d lose your arm if it wasn’t attached to your body,” Lynhardt remarked, “Speaking of which, where is your sword?”
“It’s right here in its sheath, where it alwa--,” Ilias started as he moved his hand to his side, his voice stopping short once he didn’t feel his sword or its sheath on his belt. Muttering to himself, Ilias quickly turned and ran off, causing Lynhardt to sigh and shake his head.
“And that lion wants to be a knight…” The panther remarked, “At the rate he’s going, Caspar has a better chance of becoming one… And he’s not even enrolled in Garrec Mach.” Lynhardt then turned to the wolf, “But he is right Daniel, you should get ready for this year’s finals if you’re not already.”
Daniel nodded, “Alright. Are you prepared Lyn? You’re taking the Magic Items final like me and Ilias, correct?”
Lynhardt nodded, “Yes, and I have studied just as hard as you did.” The panther then yawned before saying, “Now if you’ll excuse me, I will be off to the mess hall for a nap…”
Daniel smiled, “Alright. Try not to be late for the announcements before finals. And try not to fall asleep before reaching the mess hall and sitting down. Lilith nearly tripped on you the last time.”
Lynhardt smiled as he turned and walked out saying, “I make no promises…” He then closed the door behind him. Daniel chuckled and let out a sigh before he got up and changed out of his casual clothes and into the Garrec Mach uniform, making sure his fur was brushed and neat. Once in his uniform, his neck fluff sticking out as usual, he walked over to the nightstand and pulled out a necklace with blue crystals softly out of the drawer before putting it on. “I’ll need to recharge the Mana Crystals soon… Hopefully they’ll last through finals.” The wolf then walked out of his room and towards the assembly hall. Once there, he saw many students there of different species and walks of life. It made him smile knowing that Garrec Mach didn’t care if one was a noble or commoner and that anyone with talent could get in, even if they could not channel Mana without help like him. Within the next half hour the assembly hall filled with students as several teachers walked up onto the stage. Once everyone was there, a rather old panther, his fur greying, stepped up to speak.
“Once more we have reached the finals,” He said, “For some, this marks the day you will leave these halls to experience a bigger world. For others, this marks the end of your first year here. For those of you that my last statement applies to, I assume you’ve come thinking that the knowledge here will free you from life’s hardships.” He watched as many of the younger students murmured to themselves before saying, “Then I must tell you… All I see from you is wasted potential and talent.” The younger students fell silent hearing this, stunned by the panthers words. The panther closed his eyes before saying, “You lack purpose, something you will need once you leave here. That is something your older classmates have found. You are the next generation, the ones whom the world will be handed to once the last generation has done its duty. I do pray that you will realize how important that is.” He then opened his eyes and said, “Now then, your finals. You will be separated depending on what subject you’ve applied to take the final of whether it be weapon combat, Anima Magic, Potions, or what have you. How you will take them will be determined by the instructor giving the final. Now then…” He waved his hand, making a piece of paper appear and float in front of each student, “On this paper is the final you will take and who will give it to you. Now, off to your finals you go. And best of luck to each and every one of you.”
Daniel took the piece of paper and left the assembly hall to head to Professor Lucian’s room. Many of the younger students that he passed were talking among themselves, worried looks on their faces. He couldn’t blame them for that, the panther’s words gave them a lot to think about. Even he was shocked by them when he first heard them. They’re harsh yet kind, a gentle wake up call to those with their heads in the clouds before the harsh world could give them one of its own. As he reached Professor Lucian’s classroom, which was down the assembly hall and up the stairs, Daniel took a deep breath and pushed the door open. There, waiting for him were Ilias, Lynhardt, and a large red dragon.
“‘Bout time you got here wolfboy!” Ilias said as Daniel rolled his eyes.
The dragon let out a puff of dark grey smoke before looking at Daniel, “Are you ready for your final?”
“I am, Professor,” Daniel said, nodding.
The dragon smiled, “Good.” He then flew up and grabbed three dummies, placing them in front of the three students before casting Ward on the dummies, creating a magic shield around them. “For this final, you are to find at least two magic wands or tomes with spells that can shatter the shields around these dummies created by the Ward spell.” 
Ilias chuckled before running off, smugly saying, “Watch how a master does it, mutt!”
Lynhardt sighed and facepalmed, “Of course Ilias is over confident…” He then turned to Daniel, “I doubt you have any issue with this final given you use magic items all the time. Why don’t you show him how a master does it.” Daniel nodded and ran off another part of the room to get what he thought would break his dummy’s shield. After looking through the bookshelves and a few drawers, he grabbed two wands and walked back to his dummy. When he did, he saw that Lynhardt was still looking while Ilias had returned holding one single yellow tome.
“Two wands?” Ilias laughed, chuckling, “Please, I only need this tome!!”
“Is that so?” The dragon asked, slightly annoyed that Ilias didn’t listen, “Then show me.”
Ilias chuckled, “Check this out Prof Lucian!!” He opened up his tome and shot a bolt of lightning at the dummy, only for the shield to take the hit and be barely damaged.
Lucian raised an eyebrow, “Oh the folly of hubris…” He looked at Daniel, “It is your turn.”
Daniel nodded and waved the first wand, sending thousands of arrows at the shield, which didn’t look all that damaged, causing Ilias to laugh. Daniel smirked and waved the second wand, sending a large fireball at the shield, shattering it and blowing the dummy up. Daniel looked at Ilias and smugly said, “Now that’s how a master does it.”
“H…. HOW?!” Ilias gasped.
“The first wand contains the spell Sagitae, which sends dozens of magic arrows at the target,” Lucian said, “Each one hitting the shield weakens it, allowing the spell Ignaris, which was contained in the second wand, to shatter the shield and destroy the dummy.” He then looked at Daniel, “That was very well done. You have passed this Final, with flying colors I might say. I wish you luck with your Anima Magic Final.”
Daniel smiled, bowed, and placed the wands on a nearby table and walked away, hearing Lynhardt ask if he missed the wolf show Ilias up as he left the room, which made him chuckle. He then made his way down the hall to the dueling room where his Anima Magic final was. After about a 5 minute walk, he reached the room and walked in. There, an orange cat wearing green robes looked at him, “Ah, Daniel. You’re early.”
“My magic item final was shorter than I thought it’d be, Professor,” Daniel replied.
“Well if you aren’t early you’re late,” The Professor said, “You ready for your final?”
“Ready as I’ll ever be,” Daniel said.
“Then step up and get ready for your duel with Altera,” The Professor said, gesturing to the deer on the dueling stage.
“Ready to lose mutt?” Altera asked, magic flowing from his fingertips.
“You wish,” Daniel said, stepping onto the stage. Before he could say anything else, several fireballs flew towards him, to which the wolf made collide into each other, causing them to explode. “That the best you can do?” The wolf asked. 
Altera growled, anger clear in his eyes. Within moments magic flew through the air. Bolts of lightning deflected and redirect, fireballs flying past and exploding, gusts of wind blowing past the the two as blades of air barely missed their target, missiles of ice countered by fire, it was a sight to behold as two Mages in training went all out with neither side giving up.
“You can’t win!!” Altera said, “Once you run out of Mana, you’re done!”
Daniel used a wind spell to knock away anything flying at him, “Which is why I’m ending this now…” He thrust his right hand down and yelled, “ELWIND!” Two blades of air shot from his hand, shooting the wolf into the air and towards Altera. As he got close to him and was about to land, Daniel aimed and yelled out the spell Ignaris, sending a rather large fireball at Altera and though he dodged, the blast from it was enough to knock him off the stage. There was a loud pop, like that of a gunshot, as Daniel landed. The wolf looked at his necklace and sighed.
“There go my Mana Crystals….” The wolf sighed before looking at the Professor, who had a wide smile on her face.
“That was the most clever use of Anima Magic I’ve seen in a long time,” She said, “Albus was right when he said you had great potential as an Anima Mage. And on that note, you’ve passed your final. Now, you best replace those Crystals, alright?”
“Yes, Professor,” Daniel said as he got off the stage and headed out of the room. It wasn’t long before his friend William, who was a spotted hyena, heard about how the wolf’s finals went and dragged him into the town near Garrec Mach before taking him to its tavern.
“Yo barkeep! A drink for me and my friend please!” William shouted from their table.
“Water is fine…” Daniel said awkwardly before looking at William, “Would you not order us beer or anything like that? We’re not even old enough to drink alcohol ...”
“We’re 17, who cares,” William replied.
“I do and I rather not see you get drunk,” Daniel said with a sigh.
“Then leave,” William said, chugging a bit of his beer, “I’m getting drunk and you can’t stop me.” Daniel groaned and went to respond only to stop when he heard someone stop behind him and William.
“Excuse me….” A soft, shy voice said as someone tugged on Daniel’s sleeve, “Might I ask something of you?”
Daniel turned to see a young fennec fox, no taller than his own chest not counting her ears that were laying flat on her head which allowed her cloak’s hood to hide most of her face. “Is something wrong, miss?” Daniel asked.
“Not… Not exactly.” The fennec fox said, “Y-You see, I noticed that you two were Garrec Mach students and I-I heard good things about you all and--”
“Get lost,” William said as he took another beer off the bar, causing Daniel to look at him in shock. Before the fennec fox could reply, William glanced at her and said, “Unless you’re a noble or princess, you ain’t worth our time.”
“I…. I see,” The fennec fox said softly. She bowed, “I’m sorry for bothering you…” And with that, she left despite Daniel calling out for her to wait.
The wolf glared at William before snatching his beer out of his hand and dumping it on his head. “Ack! What the hell was that for?!!” The hyena asked before being punched square in the face by Daniel and falling back onto his rear end.
“That… That was for disgracing the name of Garrec Mach Academy,” Daniel snarled before turning and darting after the fennec fox. It didn't take long to spot her as she was one of the only ones cloaked in the town. "Miss, wait!" Daniel called out as he ran after her. The fennec fox stopped and turned towards the wolf as he reached her. Once he did, he stopped and bowed to her saying, "On behalf of the Garrec Mach Academy, please accept my apologies for that hyena's rudeness."
"Uh… Okay," The fennec fox said softly, "But didn't he say that you were… er… busy…? Why are you here?"
"He does not speak for me," Daniel said, standing straight and smiling gently, "Besides, I cannot ignore someone who needs help."
The fennec fox was lost for words a brief moment before smiling, "Th… Thank you… I'll see that you're paid well for your troubles."
"Please, don't worry about payment until the work is done," Daniel said, "Now, what is the issue?"
"I-I need someone to help me get out of Fodlan…" The fennec fox said, "Something happened in my village in Fardarly and my father. My father told me to leave Fodlan as I escaped. As much as I want to know if he's okay, I can't risk it… He went into the fray just so I could escape." As she spoke, it was clear that she was very upset and scared.
"I see…" Daniel said, "Well, I can help you get to a port but it'll take a few days before we can get going. And even then, I have a stop to make near Ram Village so it'll be at least a week before we can get going properly."
"Th-that's fine," The fennec fox said with a smile, "I'm just glad you'll help me. And before I forget..." She then put down her hood, revealing her brown fur that turned white around her muzzle, her raven black and orange hair that fell over the left side of her face, and her golden eyes that seemed to shimmer in the sun. "My name is Pumpkin," The fennec fox said soon after as she looked the wolf in the eyes.
Daniel, who was stunned by how pretty Pumpkin was for a brief moment, smiled nervously and said, "M-my name's Daniel."
Pumpkin giggled, "Nice to meet you Daniel.” She looked around for a brief moment before saying, “Well… I better head to an inn to get a room for the week. After all, I need someplace to stay while you get ready to go.”
“You don’t have to,” Daniel said, “I’m sure the Headmaster of Garrec Mach will offer you a room to stay while I’m getting ready for the trip.”
Pumpkin blinked before smiling, “I…. I would love it if that was possible! Maybe there I can practice my magic.”
“You’re a mage?” Daniel asked as he turned to start walking back to Garrec Mach.
“Sort of.” Pumpkin said, “I can use Light Magic but have had no formal training. Which means I don’t know many spells…”
“Well, Garrec Mach has a few Light Magic tomes so you should be able to find spells you like and be able to practice them,” Daniel said, “Now….” He held out a hand to Pumpkin, “I’m heading back to Garrec Mach. Do you wish to come along?”
Pumpkin smiled and took his hand, “I do.” And with that, the two headed back to the school, unaware that this chance meeting had bound their destiny not only together but to the fate of the world as well.
Chapter 2: White clouds and Crimson blood...
Daniel was right when he said that the Garrec Mach Headmaster, after pulling some strings, would be able to find a room for Pumpkin to stay in. Not only that, but she had full reign of the library as well as the help from any teacher she might need and once she knew this, she went right to work learning everything she could, all with a very large smile on her face. A couple days passed since then and the academy was bustling with energy as people prepared for the dance that night in which the entire student body would learn how they all did in their finals. Many students treated this as a date night or prom while others just saw it as a celebration. No matter how one saw it, everyone could agree that it was easy to get excited for. And as this happened, Daniel and Lynhardt were in the Potions room, making healing potions for later use though Daniel was doing most of the work.
“Come on Lynhardt, step up the pace,” Daniel said as he stirred the potion, “If you don’t move faster, this batch of Vulnaries will likely be ruined…”
Lynhardt let out a yawn as he looked along the ingredient shelves, “Why must we do this…? Is it really that important ...?”
“For one, I’d like to get my potion making skills up a bit more and two, students sometimes get hurt when they practice,” Daniel replied, “So having some extra healing potions will be handy. And I’d be doing it myself but I lack Mana Crystals so…”
“Alright, alright,” Lynhardt replied, “What’s next…?”
Daniel looked at the potion book next to him before saying, “From the looks of this, Mana Herbs.” Lynhardt nodded and grabbed the herbs before walking over to the cauldron and put a few of the herbs in it.
“By the way,” Lynhardt said as Daniel stirred the potion, “How’s the fennec fox doing? The one who’s staying in the academy ‘til you two leave tomorrow?”
“Pumpkin’s doing well,” Daniel said, “I think the library’s Tome section’s her favorite place right now.”
“Hmm... You’d think she’d not been to a magic school before…” Lynhardt muttered.
“She apparently lived in a small village and her father didn’t have enough money to send her to an academy so she could learn magic properly,” Daniel said, “So I don’t blame her for wanting to learn as much as she can before we leave.”
“I see,” Lynhardt said with a nod. He watched as the wolf finished the potion and began to bottle it up, “Say… Are you sure you want to do this…?”
Daniel looked up, a bit surprised, “Huh? What do you mean…?”
“Are you sure you want to guide her out of Fodlan.” Lynhardt said, “I mean… It’ll be a long trip and…. With all the fiends and bandits…. It’ll be dangerous…”
“I know,” Daniel said, “But I can’t stand by while someone needs help. You know that.”
Lynhardt sighed and looked away, “I know.”
Daniel stood up and smiled, “Don’t worry. I’ll be fine.” The wolf paused before adding, “So long as I have a sword and Mana Crystals…”
"And lucky for you, I come with one of those,” A young lioness said as she walked up to the table where Daniel and Lynhardt were.
“Lady Cathlyne,” Daniel said as he and Lynhardt bowed to her, “Welcome back.”
“Thank you Daniel,” Cathlyne said, “Here.” She handed the wolf three medium sized blue glowing crystals. “Three Mana Crystals as requested,” She said with a smile, “They’re fresh too so you don’t have to worry about them breaking anytime soon.”
“Thank you Lady Cathlyne,” Daniel said, bowing again, “I hope it wasn’t too hard to get them.”
“Not at all,” Cathlyne said, “Thanks to Lucian I was able to get them without issue. Though I doubt his cousin Leviathan would be happy that I entered his den without his approval… But that’s not here nor there. I had some of my house’s knights look into what you asked me about by the way.”
“Oh?” Daniel asked, “And?”
“It was a rather big attack,” Cathlyne said, “Most of the village was destroyed by both fiends and bandits. They were lucky that most of the villagers survived, including your friend’s father.”
“Really?” Daniel asked, “How did he man--” He stopped short as Pumpkin, who was now wearing a light blue dress that young female mages learning at the Garrec Mach Academy usually wear, entered the room. “Oh, hello Pumpkin, back from practice?” Daniel asked as the fennec fox walked up to them.
“Yep,” Pumpkin said with a smile, “And while I’ve found that I can’t use much Anima Magic, I appreciate all the help the teachers here are giving me, as well as the new clothes.”
“Happy to hear that,” Daniel said, “I hope that you were able to find a good amount of Light Magic to learn.”
“Mostly healing spells but there are a few offensive Light Magic spells that caught my eye,” Pumpkin said, “I just need to practice more to use them.” She then looked at the three in front of her and asked, “Did I interrupt something…?”
“Well, ye--” Lynhardt started.
“No, in fact you might want to hear this,” Daniel said, interrupting Lynhardt. He then gestured to Cathryne, “Pumpkin, this is Lady Cathlyne of House Charon in Fardarly. A few days ago I had asked her to look into what happened at your village.”
“Oh?” Pumpkin asked, looking at the lioness.
“Indeed,” Cathlyne replied, “Your village is on the border of House Charon’s territory so it wasn’t hard to get soldiers over there to check it out. Most of the village was destroyed but there weren’t as many deaths as the damage suggested. Most of them were only wounded, among them being your father, who feigned death to escape it. He was rather lucky if what the healer there said is true being that, according to him, the wounds were rather severe.”
Pumpkin smiled, a few tears in her eyes, “I… I’m so glad to hear that he’s alive. He’s always been one to push himself too far. I’m glad to hear that this wasn’t one of those times.”
“According to what I’ve heard, he only wanted to buy you time to escape,” Cathlyne said, “He still urges that you leave Fodlan as soon as you can.”
Pumpkin and Daniel both nod. “We’ll leave early tomorrow morning if all goes well,” Daniel said, “After all, I do want to attend the end of the year dance. Speaking of which…” The wolf then looked at Pumpkin, “Say, would you like to attend it with me? We’d be going as friends and you don’t have to but  I just thought that maybe you’d like to attend it…”
“I… I’d honestly be happy to,” Pumpkin said, “It’d be nice to spend a night of relaxation before our journey begins. Even if it is but a fleeting moment, it’ll be one I’ll always remember.” She then smiled and said, “Besides, I much rather attend it with you then that obnoxious coyote Lorenz.”
“Did he ask you out?” Lynhardt asked.
“Yes, and in a crude manner too,” Pumpkin said, "'Someone like you should be honored to be asked out by a noble such as I'. As if! Only a girl obsessed with becoming a noble would go out with him!”
“You didn’t tell him that, did you…?” Lynhardt asked, worried.
“Of course I did!” Pumpkin said, “Along with a few other things that stuck up noble needs to hear!!”
Lynhardt sighed, “I’ll go make sure he’s not talking a teacher’s ear off over this…” The panther then walked off and out of the room.
“You sure have gotten better than you were when you arrived here from what I’ve heard,” Cathlyne said after Lynhardt left.
“Well, when your village is attacked and your father seemingly dies telling you to leave the continent, your courage usually vanishes for a good while,[a][b]” Pumpkin replied, “I will say though, having all the teachers being supportive and most of the students I’ve met doing the same has helped me feel better.”
“That’s good to hear,” Cathlyne said, “Now, I must be going. You two get ready for the dance, alright?”
Daniel nods and bows, “Of course.” Cathlyne smiles and walks off as Daniel finishes bottling the potion before he and Pumpkin take the bottles of the potion to the Academy storeroom. After putting them away in the storeroom, the two headed off to prepare for the dance later that night.
Later that night, in the hallway in front of the mess hall, Pumpkin, wearing a white dress with blue trim, waited for Daniel so they could head to the academy’s ballroom together. She didn’t have to wait long as Daniel soon walked up to her from a hallway adjacent to the one Pumpkin was in. The wolf was wearing a navy outfit with gold trim and his hair was combed neatly to the side. If one didn’t know any better, they’d think that he was a noble with how he looked.
“Sorry for being late,” The wolf said, “Got held up when Ilias intercepted me so I could help him find his sword.”
“I see,” Pumpkin said with a kind smile, “Well at least you’re here now. Shall we get going?” Daniel nodded and the two started walking to the ballroom side by side. “You know, I won’t lie…” The fennec fox said, “I’m rather nervous… I mean, I’ve never been to a dance like this before and here I am, not only going to one but it’s also one in which nobles will be there!”
Daniel chuckled, “I understand. I feel the same way every time I attend this dance.”
Pumpkin looked at Daniel in surprise, “Wait, really? But you’re a student here!”
“And a commoner like you,” Daniel said, “In fact, if not for a generous noble, as well as the headmaster himself calling in a few favors, I wouldn’t even be a student here.”
Pumpkin let out a small chuckle, “You must be really special then.”
“Not really,” Daniel said, “I may have slightly above average potential when it comes down to learning a good chunk of Anima Spells but unlike almost everyone here, I can’t draw upon Mana from my surroundings.”
“Then how do you cast spells?” Pumpkin asked, “I’ve heard from other students you’re looking to be a Spellsword but if you can’t draw Mana from your surroundings…” 
“Simple,” Daniel said, pulling out his necklace, which now had the new Mana Crystals on it, and showing to Pumpkin, “I use these crystals here. They’re called Mana Crystals, formed in Mana dense areas, which usually are around areas where Dragons live. Because they are kept on my person, it’s easier to draw Mana from them.”
“Makes sense…” Pumpkin replied, looking at the crystals, “But there must be some drawbacks, right?”
“Yeah, there are,” Daniel said, putting the necklace on, “Mostly that the crystals can only be recharged only so many times before shattering. Sometimes Mana Crystals can’t even be recharged once before they shatter. And because of that I have to be more strategic and clever with my spells as a work around, that way I don’t have one shatter during the heat of battle and so far it’s been working.”
“That’s good to hear.” Pumpkin said as they reached the ballroom. She then looked at the door and took a deep breath, “Well… We’re here.”
Daniel nodded, “Shall we head in?”
“Yes, let’s,” Pumpkin said, looking at Daniel. The wolf smiled and opened the door for her. Upon walking in, the fennec fox let out a gasp as she saw a large room with crystal chandeliers hanging from above with students bustling about and chatting around tables with some of them dancing in the middle of the room.
Daniel walked to her side and looked around, “It’s quite the sight, huh?”
“Yeah,” Pumpkin said, “It’s like something out of a dream.”
“Or a fairytale,”  Daniel said with a small smile. He then looked at Pumpkin, “Shall we join them?” Pumpkin nodded and the two walked into the crowds of students and joined in the festivities. As the night went on, Daniel would often notice Pumpkin watching the students that were dancing in the middle of the room. “Say, Pumpkin, if you don’t mind me asking, would you like to dance with me?” The wolf asked after a while. Pumpkin turned and looked at him, rather surprised by the question, causing Daniel to rub the back of his head awkwardly as he said, “I was asking because… well… you were looking at the other students and I thought that maybe you wanted to and… Uh…” The wolf looked around as he tried to find the rest of the words he wanted to say, making a few of the students surrounding him and Pumpkin snicker at the sight.
Pumpkin, who had been processing what Daniel had asked her, smiled a little seeing Daniel awkwardly trying to explain why he asked her if she wanted to dance with him. She gently took his hand with hers and with a smile said, “I would like that.” Daniel smiled and led her to the dancefloor. Gently placing a hand on her hip while holding her hand in his, Daniel took a deep breath before dancing with Pumpkin, the two gracefully crossing the floor as they did, making sure not to focus on anyone or anything else but each other. Indeed, it was at that moment that it truly felt like something out of a dream, a moment neither wanted to end knowing that the next day they’d leave on a harsh journey together out of Fodlan and away from everything they knew. However, the moment would end sooner than either had expected. As the two stopped dancing, one of the head teachers of the Academy got up onto the ballroom stage to make an announcement but just as the music stopped and the other students stopped dancing to turn their attention to the Head Teacher, a cloaked figure appeared out of nowhere in a flash of black and purple light and stabbed him in the back as more cloaked figures appeared in the same manor and began attacking both students and teachers. The ballroom erupted into chaos as Daniel blasted one of the cloaked people that tried to attack him and Pumpkin. He quickly noticed Ilias fighting back the best he could while Lynhardt dodged attacks, trying to heal who he could while one of the teachers provided him cover. He also noticed Cathlyne in the distance struggling to take down one of the cloaked figures with wounded students behind her and another cloaked figure closed in on them. “Get to safety,” Daniel told Pumpkin, “I’ll be right back!” He then left Pumpkin’s side and made his way towards Cathlyne before casting Ignaris, firing a rather large fireball at the cloaked figure trying to catch the lioness off guard. The spell hit its mark, causing him to cry out in pain loudly, resulting in the one fighting Cathlyne to look over at his ally before being struck down by the lioness. She then quickly offed the other one as Daniel reached her. “Lady Cathlyne!” The wolf cried out, “You okay?”
“Yeah, thanks for the save,” Cathlyn said, looking visibly tired, “But you better get out of here to safety with that friend of yours. Leave these fools to us teachers. I may not be able to use magic but I will personally see that they pay for attacking my students!!” Daniel nodded as the lioness charged back into the frey and guards were able to get the wounded students that were once behind her out of danger. The wolf then turned to look for Pumpkin, soon spotting her and a cloaked mage getting ready to attack her. Thinking quickly, the wolf cast a protection spell around the fennec fox just as the cloaked mage fired his spell, which impacted on the shield around her, doing nothing.
Pumpkin looked around to see who might of casted the spell, quickly spotting Daniel as he shot a bolt of lightning at the mage that attacked her. The fennec fox smiled seeing that he was alright but that smile quickly faded when she saw someone in a black cloak wearing a red mask appeared above Daniel and prepared to cast a spell. “DANIEL!” She yelled, “BEHIND YOU!!” The wolf looked at her with confusion on his face before he heard the crackle of flames closing in on him, turning to find a large purple and black fireball racing towards him, turning into what looked to be a dragon’s head as it did. The wolf raised his arms while casting a protection spell but it wasn’t enough. As soon as the fireball hit the shield, it shattered and the fireball exploded, the flames engulfing Daniel as he was pushed off his feet. Pumpkin could only watch helplessly as the mage, along with the other cloaked figures, vanished to who knows where as the flames vanished. When they did, they revealed Daniel lying on the ground, bloody and barely breathing. Pumpkin without hesitation raced over to the wolf’s side through the chaos the attack caused, worry clear on her face. Once there, she knelt down, placed her hands on his chest and began using a healing spell to try and heal him the best she could. “Come on…” She whispered as the soft green glow coming from under her hands grew brighter, “Please don’t die… You have to live… Don’t die…. Please…” It wouldn’t be long until guards and healers raced into the ballroom to help those hurt and see if they could capture any of the attackers, which was hard being that most of the attackers had fled the same way they appeared. As the healers looked over those hurt, two of them reached Daniel and Pumpkin and looked over them both. Soon enough, the healers took Daniel, whose wounds were much better now, away for further healing while Cathlyne went over to Pumpkin and helped her up, telling her that everything would be alright. Pumpkin could only pray for things to get better and that Daniel would be alright.
Chapter 3: The Battle for Garrec Mach
“WHAT THE HELL WERE YOU THINKING?!!” The silver fox screamed at a panther as she paced in her dorm room.
“Lady Kira, please, soften your voi--” The panther started before Kira whipped around to look at him.
“Oh no, I silenced this room, no one will be able to hear us outside,” Kira said, “Now answer my bloody question.”
The panther sighed, “I was thinking that the wolf was a liability and a threat….”
“You use Black Magic!!” Kira snapped, “Daniel’s an Anima Mage! You had the upper hand!! You didn’t have to use Bahamut’s Breath and put him to the brink of death!!”
The panther sighed, “I did what I thought was needed… Even if you had ordered him not to be harmed…” He then looked at Kira as he walked over to her, “What about this Anima Mage has entranced you to the point you’d order him unharmed in an attack that many would get hurt in?”
“He’s… different than others,” Kira said, “That bloody smile of his… And those eyes… It’s like hellfire burning my skin at the thought of him.”
“I see, The panther said, grinning smugly out of sight before stepping in view of Kira, the smile gone, “So Lady Kira is in love… And the object of her attraction is but a mere commoner. If your mother learns of this...”
“Silence!” Kira snapped, anger in her voice, “You will learn to hold your tongue Eldor, lest you lose it.”
“I will do as you ask,” The panther, Eldor, said, bowing slightly. He then stood straight and said, “Now, about our next step… Shall we cont--” He stopped talking when they heard a knock on Kira’s door.
“Yes,” Kira said, “Now get lost.” Eldor bowed before warping out and Kira let out a sigh. She then walked to the door and opened it, “Yes?”
“I… I was just wondering if you were alright…” The student, a young deer, said, his voice full of worry, “Ilias said that you were rather angry earlier….”
“I’m fine…” Kira said, “Any word on how Daniel is?”
“None,” The deer said, “I… I’m sorry…”
Kira took a breath and said, “It’s fine. I’m sure he’ll be fine. Now if you’ll excuse me.” The silver vixen walked away from her room to prepare for what was to come, something that only she knew about.
Meanwhile, as this happened, Pumpkin, still wearing the dress from last night, made her way to the headmaster’s office, still extremely worried about Daniel. She had not seen him since the healers took him away and had not heard anything on how he was doing. Fear had crept into her mind and she couldn’t help but think that he might have lost his life. She did her best to shake these thoughts from her mind as she reached the headmaster’s office. As she went to open the door, she heard a familiar voice, one that she had hoped to hear again. Opening the door, the fennec fox’s eyes widened as tears filled them. Standing before her, in front of the headmaster was none other than Daniel, who was wearing a short sleeved shirt that showed bandages wrapped around his arm above his elbow and tan pants. On his cheek was a rectangle bandaid that had a small dark red circle in it but that was about it. However, what he was wearing barely registered in Pumpkin’s mind before she ran towards, smiling. The wolf barely had enough time to turn before the fennec fox reached him and hugged him tightly, causing him to cry out in pain, make Pumpkin let go of him with a gasp and take a few steps as Daniel stumbled back, bending over with an arm holding his torso. “A-are you okay…?” Pumpkin asked, worry clearly in her voice, “I-I can heal you…! J-just let me…”
“There is nothing you can do I’m afraid,” A panther with greying fur said, “The cause of his pain cannot be healed.”
“What… What do you mean…?” Pumpkin asked, “If it’s not due to a wound, why is he…?”
“Why is he in pain?” The panther asked, “The answer to that is because the Black Magic spell he was hit with, Bahamut’s Breath. It may be sheer dumb luck, but Daniel here escaped the worst Black Magic like that can do to a target. However, he will be in pain should anything touch him where the worst of his wounds were because of it.”
Pumpkin looked at Daniel, who seemed to have recovered from the pain, and softly muttered, “I… I’m sorry for hurting you…”
Daniel gave Pumpkin a kind smile as he said, “It’s fine, you didn’t know.”
Pumpkin nodded, tears welling up in her eyes, “I… I just was so happy to see you alive and…  I didn’t hear anything about how you were after the healers took you away… Not even the teachers I asked knew... And I just….”
Daniel gently wiped away the tears as he said, “It’s alright… I’m fine. Though, I am confused as to why you didn’t hear anything regarding how I was…”
“That would be my doing,” The panther said, “I personally asked the healers not to tell anyone.”
Daniel looked at him confused, “Why would you…?”
“Because I feel it might help if the Auspex left with someone no one expects,” The panther said, “Especially someone who might be after you thinks is dead after being hit with Bahamut’s Breath.”
Daniel’s eyes widen before looking at Pumpkin and then back at the panther, “You… You have to be joking Headmaster… The last Auspex went missing over 300 years ago… Can’t possibly tell me that… that… That Pumpkin somehow is the next Auspex!”
“That is exactly what I am telling you,” The headmaster said, “You said it yourself, the last known Auspex went missing. She was not killed, she went missing. What is to say that she did survive and go into hiding before starting a family of her own?”
Pumpkin glanced at the headmaster with confusion on her face before looking at Daniel and asking, “I… I’m sorry but… What’s an Auspex? And why is he saying that I’m one?”
Daniel looked at Pumpkin, “Auspex is a title given to a very powerful Light Mage, one many say is the most powerful as he or she can destroy almost any fiend with little effort no matter the Light spell but…” He looked at the headmaster, “What makes you think that it’s her? She could just be a normal Light Mage.”
“True…” The headmaster said, “But tell me, does it not strike you as odd that you were attacked with one of the strongest Black Magic spells only after you protected her and took down her attacker and the fact that she was able to heal a good chunk of your wounds before the healers got to you despite it being a weaker healing spell?” 
Daniel went to say something before stopping, realizing that the headmaster’s words made sense. One of the reasons why the healers moved him, according to what he was told, was the lower amount of Mana in the ballroom due to the fight, which would not only weaken the spells they could cast but limit the amount they could cast as well, which wasn’t good given his condition at the time. And given what he had heard of the Auspex and how their healing spells seemed stronger than normal, it did make it seem like Pumpkin was possibly the next Auspex. Looking at the fennec fox, he then remembered that her own father urged her out of the continent after her village was attacked by, according to Cathlyne, both bandits and fiends. The thought that Pumpkin’s father thought the same as the headmaster soon entered his mind, leaving one question in his mind. “Pumpkin, do you remember who or what was attacking your village?” The wolf then asked.
“Um… There were a lot of fiends but….” Pumpkin said, “I remember some bandits… Why?”
“Were those bandits attacked by the fiends or were the fiends seemingly ignoring them?” Daniel then asked.
“They were,” Pumpkin started as she thought about the attack. Most of it was a blur but she remembered that the bandits and fiends seemed to attack at the same time and that, as far as she saw, they didn’t even seem worried about the fact that there were fiends in the village. If anything, they seemed to be using the fiends’ attack to look for something. “... They never attacked the bandits.” Fear could be seen visibly in her eyes as she said, “The bandits seemed to have been looking for something, letting the fiends do all the attacking…”
Daniel nodded before looking at the headmaster, “So, what now? What should we do?”
“‘We?!’” Pumpkin asked, looking at the wolf, “What do you mean ‘we’?! Y… You can’t go out! You already nearly died once and if what your headmaster said is true, it might be because of me!”
“So what if it is?” Daniel asked, “Like he said, it’d likely be easier for us to stay under the radar being that they think I might be dead. Besides, I already told you I’d help you. One near death experience isn’t going to change that. I gave you my word and I won’t go back on it.”
Pumpkin stared at the wolf before taking a breath and saying, “If that’s how you feel… Then I have only one thing to say. Don’t die on me, okay?”
“I won’t,” Daniel said with a smile.
“If everything is settled between you two, you best get ready to go[c][d],” The headmaster said before snapping his fingers, causing a magical doorway to appear behind his desk on the left, “Hidoke guards will be arriving in a day or so.”
“Huh? Why?” Daniel asked.
“They believe that the attack was an attempt on their princess’ life and that Pumpkin is the one behnd it,” The headmaster answered, “And as proof they’ve stated that Lorenz saw her talking to one of the cloaked figures in a hallway before the attack.”
Pumpkin growled, “How petty must you be to lie about someone because they rejected you?”
“As petty as Lorenz apparently,” Daniel said, anger clear in his voice, “The next time we meet, he better not do something stupid or I might see to it that he gets what’s coming to him.”
“You and me both,” Pumpkin said, nodding.
“You’ll have to wait on that,” The headmaster said, “Now quickly, into the room behind the doorway I’ve made. I have already prepared some travel clothes and equipment for you two there. Once you are ready, do your best to sneak out and head to Port Rago in Fardarly. There you should find a boat that can get you to another continent where you should be safe ‘til you are stronger and more prepared.” 
Daniel nodded and the two headed to the doorway and went into the room on the other side. Once in it, the magical doorway closed behind them. On a bench in front of them were two sets of clothes, one with a worn tome next to it that had a note addressed to Pumpkin and the other was near a sword lying against the bench near them. Next to the bench was a modest backpack that seemed to have been prepared for their trip. To the far left side of the room was a door leading into a side room as well and on the far right was another door leading out of the room. Daniel walked over to the clothes on the bench near the sword and picked both them and the sword up before looking at Pumpkin, “I’ll get dressed first, alright?” Pumpkin nodded and watched as Daniel walked over and entered a side room before closing the door. Soon after, the fennec fox picked up the worn tome and read the note attached to it, which read:
“I know what is happening is a lot for you to take in. And I know that I might be wrong and that you might not be the Auspex. But even then, it is clear to me that there are those of darkness that see you as the Auspex. From what I’ve heard and seen, I believe that there is a good chance[e] that you are. This tome belonged to the Auspex that vanished long ago. I have kept it safe and have done my best to preserve it till I found the next Auspex. Even then, many of the spells in it may be lost or too worn to read however I do think that the spells that are readable still will be of great help to you. I wish you luck.
~Headmaster Albus”
Pumpkin let out a sigh and put the note on the bench as she went to open the tome. It was then that she heard the door to the side room open and turned to see Daniel walk out of it. He wore a light grey long sleeved shirt that his neck fluff stuck out of with a grey green jacket like short sleeved shirt with gold trim over it and navy blue pants. From halfway down his lower leg down he wore a sort of boot like guard that protected his lower legs and exposed paws. Draped over his left shoulder was a green cape that seemed to cover his left half of his body.
The wolf then smiled at Pumpkin, “How do I look?”
Pumpkin smiled, “You look great. Almost like a traveling knight or a hero of a storybook…. Though I am questioning the cape covering your left side instead of being behind you…”
Daniel smiled and moved the front of the cape aside with his left arm, revealing the sword in its sheath attached to his belt, saying, “It’s mostly to hide my sword. Some places may not take kindly to those who are armed so using my cape to hide it seemed like the best idea. And if I need to take off the cape for whatever reason…” He pointed to the small metal clasp that held his cape in place, “I can just undo that and it comes off easily enough.”
“Smart,” Pumpkin said. She then sighed and grabbed her pile of clothes, “Well, guess it’s time for me to change, huh?” She quickly made her way to the side room and looked at Daniel before going in, saying, “Will you look to see what else the headmaster prepared for our trip?” Daniel nodded and went over to the bag before kneeling down and looking through it.
Meanwhile, as this happened, in a field outside of a forest near Garrec Mach, Kira stood facing the academy dressed in red clothing that a princess in battle would wear with a back cape. From out of the forest walked Eldor, who stopped behind the white fox.
“The troops are ready,” Eldor said, “Are you sure it is wise to attack without waiting to see if they turn her over to us? This might rub other kingdoms in Fodlan the wrong way.”
“The academy will not as we have asked,” Kira replied, “Knowing that blasted headmaster, he has not only informed her but is helping her get ready to flee. Should we wait, we lose her. We march now so we can take her into custody. Once we do, we’ll…. ‘Withdraw’ from the academy before it rubs anyone the wrong way. Besides… I have already sent a messenger to Fardarly and Artrelia telling them about the criminal there. If they are wise, they will not interfere.”
Eldor nodded, “If that is what you wish…” 
He turned and prepared to cast a spell before Kira looked at him out of the corner of her eye and said, “And dare not harm Daniel should you encounter him else your life is forfeit.” 
Eldor smirked as Kira warped away soon after and with a wave of his hand opened up several doorways in which soldiers walked out of, several of which dressed like the cloaked figures from the attack the night before. “March upon the academy and apprehend the criminal!!” There was a roar from above as Eldor looked up and spotted Lucian flying up above them, heading back to the academy to warn those there. Eldor let out a chuckle as he added, “... And punish all who get in your way.” And with that the soldiers marched onward with Eldor leading them.
It wasn’t long before Daniel heard noise coming from the hall as he made sure they had everything they might need for the trip, causing the wolf to head to the right side door and open it only to see students rushing about, many of the younger ones having a panicked look on their faces. The wolf soon saw one of the senior students and grabbed his arm, “Hey wait! What’s going on?”
The student looked at Daniel and said, “We’re evacuating! Hidoke is launching a full on attack on the academy!!”
Daniel swore under his breath as he let go of the student and looked back at Pumpkin as she walked out of the side room wearing a navy colored mage’s dress with gold trim and a blue cloak and said, “We need to get moving, now.”
“Why?” The fennec fox asked, “Didn’t the headmaster say that we have some time before Hidoke guards would be coming for me?
“Hikode gave us less time to leave than the headmaster thought,” Daniel replied, “They’ll be the academy’s campus soon.” Pumpkin nodded, grabbed the worn tome and bag before following Daniel out into the hall and down the stairs. From there, they ran through the hall, doing their best to avoid the battle and chaos, taking alternate paths out of the academy as they saw fireballs flying at students or Hidoke knights in the distance getting closer. As they made their way through the empty mess hall, Daniel spotted a wounded Lynhardt through a window being helped onto a dragon by one of the knights of House Charon, who also looked hurt but not as bad. Daniel could only let out a silent prayer to Gaia that Lynhardt would be safe and survive knowing that he and Pumpkin had to get out of the academy without being seen if possible. The safety of the one who could be the Auspex was more important, even if it pained the wolf to leave his friends behind as he escaped. The two soon reach the end of the east building of the academy and, upon the doors being thrown open, make a mad dash to the forest before them. If they had any pursuers, they’d surely be lost there as once they were deep enough, Daniel would teleport himself and Pumpkin to Kestral Woods, a forest in Fardarly that was near their first stop of the trip. The two barely got far into the forest before Pumpkin stopped as she spotted a pair of bright red eyes dart through the forest before disappearing. Daniel stopped and turned, worried and out of breath, “You okay Pumpkin?”
“Y… Yeah… I just thought I saw…” Pumpkin started before spotting a large black animalistic figure with bright red eyes charging at Daniel, “GET DOWN!!” Daniel went to say something only to hear a fallen branch snap behind him, causing him to turn and see the figure jump up to attack him. He barely had time to draw his sword before the beast’s attack made contact and, as he stumbled back, he got ready for it to hit, only for several short beams of light to hit it in the chest, sending the beast flying back and turning to dust. The wolf turned to see Pumpkin smiling a little, arm outstretched as white energy seemed to dance off of it. “Looks like this time I saved you,” She said as she lowered her arm.
Daniel smiled as he walked over to her, “Looks like it. We better get out of here before more of those Black Beasts appear.”
“I agree but… how?” Pumpkin asked.
Daniel smiled and held out his hand, “You trust me, don’t you?”
Pumpkin chuckled and smiled as she took the wolf’s hand, “I wouldn’t be here with you if I didn’t.” Daniel smiled and warped them to clearing deep in Kestral Woods. After taking a breather and eating some food, the two continued onward towards Port Rago, hoping to put enough space between them and the Hidoke soldiers so the soldiers wouldn't be catching up to them any time soon.
Chapter 4: A brief peace...
“Say, Daniel,” Pumpkin said as she and Daniel continued their way through Kestral Woods, “I know this is a bit out of the blue but… Why did some of the students back at Garrec Mach refer to you as a mutt?” The sun was getting low in the sky by this point though Daniel didn’t seem to mind that much.
The wolf looked at Pumpkin, a bit surprised, “Where’d you hear that?”
“Lorenz called you that when I asked him where you were,” Pumpkin said, “After I rejected him of course.”
Daniel sighed, “The word mutt has a few meanings depending on who uses it and why… In Lorenz’s case, it’s referring to the fact that I’m not a ‘purebred’ wolf.”
“Pure… bred…?” Pumpkin asked, confused.
“It means that your parents are two different species,” Daniel answered, “Or something like that. Only royalty and nobles really put stock in that sort of crap.”
Pumpkin looked at Daniel and noticed details that she didn’t really noticed before, like how he was overall fluffier than most wolves she had seen before, not to mention that his paws and hands were grey as opposed to the shade of blue that most of Daniel’s fur was, and even then, the wolf’s hands were a different shade of grey than his paws with his paws being a very white grey while his hands were more of a darker grey. “Um… Might… Might I ask… Uh…” Pumpkin tried to figure out what to ask so she didn’t sound rude, “Erm…. What… What species are your parents? If you don’t mind me asking… I… I can tell that one is a wolf but uh….”
Daniel chuckled, “It’s fine. My father is a grey wolf and my mother is an Osutorian Shepard.[f] Unlike my younger sister, who looks more like our mother, I ended up taking after our father asides from my fur pattern, which is more like mom’s. The blue fur color is from mother though...”
“I kinda figured,” Pumpkin said, giggling, “It’s a good look. Shame that you get looked down upon because of who you are.”
“It’s fine,” Daniel said, “Doesn’t really bother me anymore, kinda like how my sister isn’t bothered by the weird looks she gets.”
“She gets weird looks…?” Pumpkin asked.
“Yeah,” Daniel replied as they reached the edge of Kestral Woods, “Hers eyes are different colors.”
“That’s pretty neat,” Pumpkin said with a smile.
“You’d be one of the few who think so,” Daniel said, “In anycase, we’re near our first stop.”
“Oh?” Pumpkin looked in front of them to see what looked to be a small manor, modest yet still fairly big, with a small flower garden in front of it and what looked to be an orchard behind it. It was hard to tell what kind of orchard it was but it was clear that there were a few different types in it. In the garden was an Osutorian Shepard who had blue fur that was a similar shade to Daniel’s. As the two got closer, Daniel held his hand up as a blue orb flew from it towards the Osutorian Shepard. As it did, the orb turned into a small avian that flew to and around the Osutorian Shepard. Once she noticed it and followed it as it flew back towards Daniel, a smile appeared on her face as she got up and turned around in order to head over to Daniel and Pumpkin. Once there, Pumpkin saw that the Osutorian Shepard was only as tall as Daniel’s shoulder, which made her a few inches taller than Pumpkin being that she was only as tall as Daniel’s chest, not counting the ears.
The Osutorian Shepard smiled and hugged Daniel, “I’m so glad you’re alright… Welcome home.”
“Thanks,” Daniel said with a smile as he hugged the Osutorian Shepard, “Sorry for worrying you mom…”
“It’s fine,” Daniel’s mom said as she took a step back, “You’re safe and that’s what matters.” She then looked at Pumpkin, “Who’s your friend?”
Daniel smiled, “Mom, this is Pumpkin.” The wolf then looked at Pumpkin as he said, “Pumpkin, this is my mom.”
“It’s nice to meet you,” Pumpkin said with a small smile.
“It’s nice to meet you as well,” Daniel mom said. She then looked at Daniel, “You look like you two are going on a trip… How long will you be staying?”
“A week at most,” Daniel replied, “If all goes well.”
“Well then go in the back past the orchard and help your sister harvest the Pink Melons,” Daniel’s mom said, “You remember what to do, right?”
Daniel nodded and smiled, “Of course.” He then went and ran towards the orchard to help his sister in the fields.
“You’re… a farmer?” Pumpkin asked.
“It’s hard work but worth it,” Daniel’s mom said. She then turned and started walking towards the manor, “Come on inside, no need to just stand outside.” Pumpkin nodded and followed Daniel’s mom inside.
“If you don’t mind me asking, just how did you get this place…?” Pumpkin asked as she looked around once inside, “I don’t mean to be rude but I…. I don’t know many farmers who earn enough to get anything close to this.”
Daniel’s mom laughed, “Under normal circumstances, we wouldn’t even have this.”
“What do you mean?” Pumpkin asked.
“This manor, if you could call this one, and the land our farm is on was a gift from Lord Laynto of House Nerja, who is also the reigning lord of this section of Fardarly,” Daniel’s mom said.
“A gift?” Pumpkin asked, “For what?”
“Daniel being accepted into Garrec Mach Academy,” Daniel’s mom replied.
“Seriously?” Pumpkin asked, “Lord Laynto gave you all this for that? Could…. Could he be the noble that helped Daniel get in there in the first place?”
“Pardon?” Daniel’s mom asked as she turned towards Pumpkin as she walked into the kitchen.
“The night of the Garrec Mach Dance, Daniel told me that a noble was in part the reason he became a student there,” Pumpkin replied, “Was it Lord Laynto?”
“No, it wasn’t,” Daniel’s mom said as she headed to the kitchen counter, “Lord Laynto had nothing to do with that.”
“Then who…?” Pumpkin asked as she followed the Osutorian Shepard into the kitchen.
“Don’t know,” Daniel’s mom said, “Never met the noble. All I know is that they were from House Charon.”
“Really…?” Pumpkin asked, a bit surprised, “I wonder if….” She was cut off by the sound of a door in a hallway connected to the kitchen being thrown open. Just then, an Osutorian Shepard that looked like Daniel’s mom but with hair draped over the left side of her face ran into the kitchen.
“Are you and your brother done in the field already Joce?” Daniel’s mom asked.
“When did Daniel get home?” Joce asked, ignoring her mother’s question, “And why didn’t you tell me?!”
“He only just arrived and you were in the field,” Daniel’s mom answered, “But you didn’t answer my question.”
There was the sound of grunting and the door closing before Daniel walked into the room awkwardly carrying a large Pink Melon, “We’re done harvesting the Pink Melon… But there’s still more to do…”
“Took you long enough to get here…” Joce said, turning to Daniel.
“Says the girl who had me lug around the biggest Pink Melon that we harvested back to the manor!!” Daniel snapped.
“You have magic!” Joce snapped back, “You could of just--”
“ENOUGH!!!” Their mom yelled, cutting them off, “Seriously, he’s back not a day and you two are already bickering…” She walked over to Daniel and helped him carry the Pink Melon to their storage unit. “You didn’t use many spells to help her harvest, did you?” She then asked Daniel.
“No, I didn’t,” Daniel replied, “I harvested the Pink Melons the old fashioned way.”
“Otherwise known as the slow way,” Joce muttered.
“Being slow isn’t always bad,” Pumpkin said, “Being slow during a harvest means that you have less of a chance at damaging it.”
Daniel looked at Joce, “She has a point.”
“That’s great and all but who is she?” Joce asked.
“I’m Pumpkin,” Pumpkin answered, “I’ve hired Daniel to be my bodyguard as I head to Port Rago.”
“Why?” Daniel’s mom asked.
“She’s been framed for the Garrec Mach attack,” Daniel answered, “Hidoke says it was an attempt on their princess’ life despite it being all lies.”
“If it’s lies and you know and prove it,” Joce said as she leaned against the counter, “Why not make a case against the charges? You’d likely prove that she’s innocent.”
“I’ve been wondering that myself if I'm being honest,” Pumpkin said, looking at Daniel.
“Hidoke’s queen has never been the nicest from what I’ve heard from Hidoke traders,” Daniel’s mom said as she started making some food, “So that may be why he hasn’t tried to make a case against the charges…”
“It’s more likely that the Queen learned about the attack from her own daughter,” Daniel said, “News spreads quickly, sure, but with all the chaos of that night, how could anyone but her be able to make such a claim without being questioned heavily? Besides, who is the Queen more likely to believe, her own daughter or a couple of kids caught in the chaos and confusion of the attack?”
“Good point…” Pumpkin said, “I guess running is the only option for now…”
“Speaking of Hikode’s princess, isn’t she that girl your friend said was obsessed with you?” Joce asked.
Pumpkin looked at Daniel, a bit concerned, “What’s your sister talking about?”
Daniel sighed, “She’s referring to a white fox named Kira, the princess of Hidoke. And while I wouldn’t say she’s obsessed with me, Lynhardt sure thinks so.”
“He did say that when you two visited two years ago…” Daniel’s mom said.
“Yeah, didn’t he mention something about her trying to slip him a Love Potion?” Joce asked as she moved to the table in the connected dining room.
“She WHAT?!!” Pumpkin gasped, looking at Joce with a look of horror on her face.
“Tried to slip him a Love Potion….” Joce said, “What’s with that look…?”
“A strong Love Potion, can cause immense infatuation and enslave the one under its power,” Daniel said, “It causes nothing but fake love directed towards the first one the drinker sees. It’s why they aren’t sold and any Potion Books that talk about Love Potions only show how to make the weakest version, which makes the drinker very flustered around the first person they see for a short amount of time.”
“I haven’t even had a proper magic education and I know that,” Pumpkin said, “So to hear that…” She looked at Daniel, “Was something done…?”
“They couldn’t trace it back to Kira so they just made sure it wasn’t a student’s doing,” Daniel said, “I’m just glad Lynhardt was able to stop me before I drank the drugged drink… Though he’d likely be able to create the potion to free me even if he didn’t stop me….”
“I can’t even imagine what it’d be like to be under a Love Potion…” Pumpkin said before cringing, her ears falling low as she said, “It’d be horrible… I’m just glad you didn’t find out….”
“Me too…” Daniel said as his mom looked at them and smiled.
“I think we all are,” The Osutorian Shepard said as she brought food over to the table Joce was sitting at, “Now, let’s eat so Daniel and his friend can get some rest. I’m sure they’re tired from their journey to get here.”
“Tired and hungry,” Pumpkin said, “I’m glad to actually have a solid meal once again.” Daniel merely chuckled and walked over to the table with Pumpkin and the four began to eat and happily chat for a good while. By the time the sun set, everyone was done and cleaning up. Pumpkin let out a small yawn as she took a few plates to the sink.
“Why don’t you head to bed dear?” Daniel’s mom asked, “Daniel can take you to the guest room.”
“Thank you…” Pumpkin said with a smile.
“Follow me,” Daniel said as he walked out of the room and to the stairs. Pumpkin followed him up them and down the hallway they led into. After a while, Daniel stopped and turned before opening a door on the left, “Here you go, your room for our stay here. Mine is just across the hall so if you need anything, just holler or wake me up.”
“Alright,” Pumpkin said as she walked into the room. As she closed the door, she looked at Daniel and asked, “Do you think your mom knows about the Hidoke attack on Garrec Mach…?”
“Doubtful,” Daniel said, “We should remain silent about that and the fact that you may be the Auspex just to be safe….”
“Right….” Pumpkin said, “We don’t need them getting hurt because of our mess...” She then sighed and smiled, “Well, I’m heading to bed. Good night Daniel.”
“Good night Pumpkin,” Daniel replied as he turned to enter his room, “Sleep well.” The night passed without issue as did much of the stay. During the next six days, when not helping with the harvest, Daniel would help Pumpkin learn how to cast magic using old makeshift dummies he used back before he went to Garrec Mach to try and get an understanding of magic. He’d even use the dummies to help keep his sword skills sharp as Pumpkin either helped his mother and/or sister around the house or read the tome the Headmaster gave her, making sure he didn’t damage the dummies so they could still be used. On the seventh day, however, word of the coming danger came as the manor received an unexpected visitor, who upon reaching the manor knocked on the door to see if anyone was home. Daniel’s mom quickly went to the door and opened it to see a young lioness dressed in white noble attire that had red and gold trim standing in front of her.
“Can I help you…?” The Osutorian Shepard asked.
“Is this the Ashton residence?” Cathlyne asked.
“This is,” Daniel’s mom said, “Why do you ask?”
“My name is Cathlyne of House Charon,” Cathlyne said, bowing a little, “Your son Daniel is one of my students in Garrec Mach Academy. Would he happen to be here?”
“Oh, yes, he is,” Daniel’s mom said as she stepped aside, “He and his friend are helping my daughter in the orchard. Please, come in.”
Cathlyne nodded and stepped inside, the guards following. “He has a friend with him?” The lioness asked as she looked around.
“Kinda…?” Daniel’s mom said as she walked towards the table in the room attached to the kitchen, “She’s a fennec fox named Pumpkin and he’s apparently helping her to Port Rago…”
Cathlyne smiled to herself hearing this as she followed Daniel’s mom to the table, “I see.”
“Um… If you don’t mind me asking…” Daniel’s mom said, “Were… Were you the one who helped Daniel get into Gerrac Mach Academy?”
“In part, yes,” Cathlyne replied, sitting down, “It was really my father who paid for his admission, I merely talked him into it. But he doesn’t know that. And before you ask why, he never asked and I never saw it as info he needed to know for my class. And given his… disdain for nobility, I honestly didn’t know how he’d react.”
“He’d probably be grateful,” Daniel’s mom said, “I mean, you aren’t a bad noble from the sounds of it…”
“I’m happy that you think so…” Cathlyn said before she saw Daniel walk in from the kitchen hallway.
“Hey mom, you know where the extra baskets are? Joce seems to have...” Daniel said as he walked over to where his mom and Cathlyne were, stopping once he saw the lioness, “Oh, Lady Cathlyne. I wasn’t expecting to see you.”
“Sorry to catch you off guard while you’re getting some more things prepared for your trip but Lynhardt wanted me to deliver a message to you and Pumpkin,” Cathlyn said as she got up and walked over to the wolf. She then slipped a note into his hand as she said, “He’d like it if you two would meet him in Soudan within two weeks time.”
Daniel nodded as he took the note, “Thank you. We’ll make haste for Soudan as soon as we're ready.”
Cathlyne nodded, “Well I must take my leave. Rather not cause Laynto more pain by merely being on his territory. It was like pulling teeth to get permission to travel here.”
Daniel nodded before he and his mother bowed, “Please feel free to visit our home anytime Lady Cathlyne.”
Cathlyne smiled and turned as one of her guards opened the door for her. Once she was outside of the house, the two guards followed her closely, keeping an eye out for danger.
“Milady,” One of the guards said, keeping his voice low, “Might I ask a question?”
“What is it Thale?” Cathlyne asked.
“Don’t you think it’s important to tell him about your plan to deal with Laynto?” Thales asked, “I mean, he’ll basically be a pawn…”
“It’s nothing that he needs to know as of now,” Cathlyne said, looking at Thale, “The boy distrusts Laynto as is and we don’t know if that corrupt noble will take the bait… So to tell him now would be to put him on edge and possibly hinder his ability to protect the girl.”
“MIlady, do you really think that she’s what the old Headmaster said she is?” The second guard asked.
“I do,” Cathlyne replied, “And I pray that the Earth Mother Gaia keeps them safe and delivers them to a sanctuary away from Hidoke, safe from the darkness…”
Meanwhile, back at the Ashton residence, Daniel made his way into the orchard before stopping and looking around. Once he knew that he was alone, he pulled out the note and read it:
“Daniel, I hope this message finds you well. I’ve written this as I cannot be sure if you’re in a safe area. Hidoke is expanding the search. They know Pumpkin escaped. But I think I found something that you and Pumpkin should know about. What Lady Cathlyne has told you still stands. Please meet me in Soudan within two weeks time so we can talk more. Speak not of this note to anyone. And most importantly, stay on guard. There are rumors that Lord Laynto is looking for Pumpkin to turn her over to Hidoke for a hefty profit. Stay safe.
~Lynhardt”
Daniel let out a small growl and caught the note aflame, burning it to ashes, before heading farther into where his sister and Pumpkin were.
“Hey, were you able to find those baskets?” Joce asked, looking at Daniel.
Pumpkin noticed the ash stuck in the fur on Daniel’s hand and looked at him, worry on her face, “Something wrong?”
“We need to go,” Daniel said, “Before Lord Laynto sends guards here.”
“Why would he do that…?” Joce asked.
“The less you know sis, the safer you and mom are,” Daniel replied, “Make sure mom doesn’t say a thing about where me and Pumpkin are really going.”
“Why…?” Joce asked.
“Trust me, alright,” Daniel replied sternly.
Joce nodded, “Alright, but you’ll need to get your stuff from your rooms. Unless…. There’s a spell to call it to you.” She then smirked and said, “What are the chances of that?”
Daniel smiled and raised his hand towards the house. Within seconds, his sword and cape flew into his hand while the travel bag and Pumpkin’s tome was caught by Pumpkin. “Well, there’s no spell…” Daniel said as he put his sword on his belt, “But it is a charm. Though, those are basically minor spells but still.” He then looked at his sister as he put on his cape, “I’m just lucky I left my window open cause otherwise we’d waste the time we need.”
“I have to agree,” Pumpkin said as she slipped her tome into the travel bag and slung it into her shoulder, “If what’s making us leave is anything like the attack on Garrec Mach then it’s best that we get away from here as fast as we can.”
Daniel walked over to Joce and gave her a hug, “So long sis… Tell father I’m sorry I couldn’t stay til his return.”
“It’s fine and I will,” Joce said, returning the hug briefly[g][h] before pushing Daniel away with an angry look on her face, “Now get out of here if you wanna play hero so badly! Go!” Daniel hesitates a bit before nodding and made his way to the other side of the orchard with Pumpkin. As they did, Joce turned towards the direction they went down and sighed, the anger on her face fading as she sighed, “May Gaia protect you brother…. Stay safe…"
Chapter 5:  Hidoke’s Crimson Flower
Within the Hidoke capital city of Barea, Kira walked alone into a chapel building, rubbing her lower right arm, which was now a pitch black color unlike the rest of her fur, which was white. Once inside the chapel, the vixen looked around and upon seeing no one, she looked straight ahead at the large gold statue of a kitsune holding a staff. Kira knew who the statue was depicting of course. It was a statue of the Earth Mother Gaia, the goddess of the world. As Kira looked at it, she got lost in her own thoughts and didn’t notice a priestess walking up behind her.
“Lady Kira,” The priestess said, startling the vixen in front of her, “Is everything okay…?”
Kira whipped around to face the priestess and tried to hide her right arm behind her back as she said, “Everything’s fine... I was just about to leave…”
As Kira tried to move past the priestess, her right arm came into view, allowing the priestess to see it. “Lady Kira….!” She gasped, grabbing Kira’s right arm, “Your arm!! Is that…? No…. Have you been using Black Magic?!! You know that it’s…”
Kira pulled her arm away, clearly angered, “Is taboo according to the teachings of Gaia, I know! This is just fur dye, nothing else!! What, are you saying I, your new queen and descendant of the first Auspex Ilia, would dare use Black Magic?!”
The priestess cowered back a bit, stuttering as she said, “N-no, of course not milady…! I-I’m sorry… I-it’s just….”
“I’m sure your queen understands that the fur dye on her arm would raise concerns,” Eldor said as he walked up to them from behind Kira, “As a priestess of Gaia it is your duty to make sure that her world is preserved and those use Black Magic or those that ally themselves with fiends, Black Beasts, and the like are brought to justice.” He then smiled as he said, “However, I need to talk to her highness alone so if you could…” The priestess nodded before excusing herself and running off.
“I hope you have something good to report,” Kira growled, looking at the panther behind her, “After what happened at Garrec Mach…."
“Oh, I think you'll like what I have to tell you," Eldor said with a smile, "Your 'beloved' Daniel has been spotted."
Kira spun around, "What?! Where?"
"At his family home," Eldor said, "Though if what I've been told is true, he'll be on his way to Soudan." He watched as Kira made her way past him, "Am I to presume that you'll be going after him?" The vixen didn't reply as she warped away, making Eldor chuckle. 
Meanwhile, in a small forest about an 8 days walk from Soudan, Daniel and Pumpkin walked down a small, fairly worn path that went through it, going over some of the properties of magic as they did.
"So why is Anima considered basic magic?" Pumpkin asked, "I mean, it seems to have the same strength as Light Magic and is more offensive but that seems to be it… Well, other than the fact that it's more common…"
"That's pretty much the reason," Daniel said, "Because more people can use Anima Magic instead of Light Magic."
"That's kinda dumb," Pumpkin muttered.
"Well many charms are also based off of Anima Magic so that might be another reason…" Daniel said.
"But those are technically minor spells," Pumpkin said, "If anything, those should be called basic magic."
"Maybe," Daniel said, "But it's not like we can do anything to change it." He then sighed and put his bag down next to a nearby tree, "I think this is a good spot to stay and eat something before we go on our way."
"Yeah," Pumpkin said, sitting down, "You going to scout the area?"
Daniel nods in response, "I'll make something when I get back. If I don't return within a minute, hide and wait for a few minutes. Even if I'm not back after that, continue on to Soudan. I'll catch up, I promise."
Pumpkin nodded, a look of worry on her face, "Okay… Just… Just be careful."
Daniel smiled, "I will." And with that, he went to scout the surrounding area to make sure that they were in a safe place. Despite the twigs and leaves on the ground, he moved through the forest as quietly as he could, which was somewhat easy for him thanks to the many days of him and his sister playing hide and seek in a forest near their old home when they were younger. The wolf soon reached a fairly large clearing in the forest and after looking around a little, he turned to head back to where Pumpkin was waiting. Soon after he turned, he heard a twig snap behind, causing him to spin around to face whoever caused the sound, only to see a white furred vixen wearing a red dress.
"Kira…?" Daniel muttered, surprised to see her. He barely had time to notice that her lower right arm was now pitch black before he quickly had to cast a protection spell to stop a dark purple fireball from hitting him and even then, the shield barely held. He growled and looked around for the one who cast the spell only to see Kira with her left hand extended out towards him, the same dark purple flames dancing around her fingers. It was then that he saw black wisps of smoke rising around as the grass and flowers around Kira began to wilt and die. Dread spread throughout Daniel's mind as he saw the dark purple flames dancing around her fingers turned pitch black before flying at Daniel. He barely had time to think and acted out of instinct, going on the defensive, using any and every spell he knew, protective or not, to protect himself but his spells barely did anything as the black flames ate through his spells and almost hit him multiple times. This was a losing battle and he darn well knew it. He had to get out of there before it was too late so he and Pumpkin could escape. As he turned to flee, a fireball grazed him, destroying his necklace and all but one of the Mana Crystals on it. Quickly grabbing the surviving one, Daniel cast a wall of fire behind him so he could flee without being seen but it didn't work. Soon after the wall of flames appeared, a pitch black spike flew through it and into Daniel's left leg, causing him to scream out in pain and fall to the ground, hitting it with a thud and letting go of the Mana Crystal, causing it to roll into some thick grass which mostly concealed with only a soft blue light to show where it was. Daniel turned over to try and look at the wound the spike had caused only to see his flame wall dispelled and Kira walking up to him. “Y-you… you used….” The wolf muttered, trying to get away from Kira and failing to thanks to his wound, fear clear on his face.
Kira smiled as she knelt down and took Daniel’s sword out of its sheath before tossing it far away, saying, “No need to be scared Danny. I’ll keep you safe.”
“W-with what…?” Daniel asked, trying to act brave, “Black Magic….? ‘Cause if so, you can take that idea and shove it…”
Kira’s eyes began to grow cold and her smile began to fall as she said, “Why must you be so cold? Can’t you see I’m trying to save you from that temptress?”
“If you’re referring to Pumpkin…” Daniel growled, his fear fading ever so briefly as anger surfaced upon hearing what Kira called Pumpkin.
“Where is she?” Kira asked coldly.
“I don’t know…” Daniel lied, “And even if I did, I’d never tell you…. Not after you framed her….”
Kira’s smile fully fell as a pitch black spike appeared in her right hand, “I’m doing what I must do as the Auspex, protecting the world from evil. Now, tell me where she is before I…”
“Before you what…?” Daniel asked, “You taint that name of the Auspex by using Black Magic…? You’ll never find her…”
Kira growled and stabbed Daniel’s side with the spike, sending pain throughout his body and making him scream as a result. She then looked the wolf dead in the eye as she watched whatever semblance of bravery and courage he had drain away only to be replaced by fear before saying, “I hate doing this Danny, I really do. But I’ll do what I must to bring that temptress to justice. Even if…” She pushed the spike deeper into Daniel’s side, “I must hurt you to do so. So do as I say, and I won’t destroy everything you love.” She was about to say something else when she heard footsteps coming closer, sounding almost as if whoever they were running to get there. She stood to see Pumpkin come into view, a small bag, big enough to hold at least a medium size tome, hung on her shoulder.
It didn’t take long for her to see Daniel lying on the ground at Kira’s feet, clearly in pain, and when she did, her gaze became fixed on Kira, “Get away from him!”
Kira smirked as more pitch black spikes appeared around her, “I think I won’t… Now DIE!!” She sent the spikes flying towards Pumpkin, who responded in kind by sending beams of light at the spikes. The spells collided and Pumpkin’s continued onward towards Kira, causing the white furred vixen to warp away to get clear. Pumpkin quickly took this time to run over to Daniel and healed the wound on his side. She then healed as much of his leg as he could before she noticed that Kira was still nearby.
“I told you to leave me behind if I wasn’t back when I said I would…” Daniel said, fear still clear on his face and voice.
“Yeah and I chose not to listen,” Pumpkin said, “Besides, I heard your screams of pain. I won’t run while someone I care about is in danger and hurt.” She got up as she said, “I already did that once… We may be trying to reach a place out of Hidoke’s reach but… I won’t run and leave someone I care about behind. Not again. I’m going to fight this time. I’ll finish healing your leg later, once I buy us time so please hang in there, alright?.”
Daniel nodded, “Just be careful....” 
Pumpkin smiled in response before looking at Kira, her smile disappearing upon doing so. “Now then witch, time for you to either get lost or get hurt. And frankly, I don’t care which happens. ‘Cause in the end, you’ll not hurt him anymore, not while I draw breath. So make your choice.”
“Are you threatening me? Kira asked, “The new Queen of Hidoke?!”
“New queen…?” Pumpkin asked, “So you must be the one who framed me. How nice, I’ve been wanting to punch you for that.”
“HOW DARE…!!!” Kira snapped. Anger shone in the white furred vixen’s eyes as she fired a barrage of pitch black fireballs at Pumpkin, who sent beams of light in return. Just as the battle between Kira and Daniel was one sided in Kira’s favor, this battle was also one sided, but this time in Pumpkin’s favor with her Light Magic spells eating through Kira’s Black Magic. Of course, Kira’s spells still had more power so the Light Magic didn’t eat through hers as easily but it was still clear that Pumpkin had the upper hand. Kira growled and sent a flurry of Black Magic at Pumpkin, trying to overwhelm her, and in turn Pumpkin gathered as much Mana as she safely could to create a shield of Light Magic to block Kira’s spells. The Black Magic hit the shield and blew up, knocking Pumpkin back and onto her butt. It was then that she noticed the Mana Crystal in the grass. Thinking fast, she grabbed the crystal and tapped into it to create a ball of light and fired it at Kira. As soon as the ball got close, it expanded it grew brighter, blindly the white furred vixen and giving Pumpkin and Daniel time to escape. 
Wasting none of the time she had just bought, Pumpkin quickly gave Daniel the crystal, saying, “Get us out of here.”
Daniel went to protest but knowing that time was short, didn’t and warped the two of them away as the light faded. Kira saw that both Daniel and Pumpkin were gone and growled. She then looked at her arm and saw that the mark caused by using Black Magic had grown farther than the design she had made using fur dye to hide it. Taking a deep breath, she warped away back to Hidoke so she could figure out what to do next.
All the while, Daniel and Pumpkin appear about half a day’s trip away from the field they once were. Once there, Pumpkin went to heal Daniel’s leg wound as soon as they appeared. “What… What kind of magic was that fox using?” Pumpkin asked as she finished healing the wound on Daniel’s leg, “I’ve never seen anything like it…”
“That… That was Black Magic…” Daniel said, fear audible in his voice, “It's taboo magic because of its effects…”
“Black Magic…?” Pumpkin asked, “Like Bahamut’s Breath?”
Daniel nodded, small tears appearing in his eyes, “Yeah… Like Bahamut’s Breath…. That’s actually one of the stronger known Black Magic spells… Professor Lucian always said that Black Magic was strong against Anima Magic but…”
It was then Pumpkin heard the fear in Daniel’s voice. She looked at him, concerned, “Hey, what’s wrong?”
“I…. I couldn’t beat her…” Daniel said, fear showing clearly on his face, “Nothing I did… None of the spells I knew… none of it did anything… And I… I don’t…”
“Hey, don’t start doubting yourself now,” Pumpkin said, “It’s like your professor said, that sort of magic is strong against Anima Magic.”
“But how can I keep you safe if I can’t fight against that magic?” Daniel asked, “If we run into her again…”
“If she crosses your path again, we’ll face her together,” Pumpkin said. She gently took hold of Daniel’s hand, “I know that magic is easy to face using magic but even without it you’re strong. I’ve seen you practice your sword skills back at your home. You could always use those.” She then sighed and said, “I know it’s not going to be easy to overcome the fear this caused but… Promise me you won’t give up. “
Danie looked down and wiped his tears away before nodding, “Alright… I promise.” He looked at Pumpkin and smiled, “I’ll do my best even without my magic, should I ever not be able to use it…”
“Thank you,” Pumpkin said, returning the smile. She then stood up and held out her hand, “Come on, back onto your feet. We need to get moving.”
Daniel nodded and took Pumpkin’s hand. “Yeah.” He said as Pumpkin helped him up, “We can always eat as we walk.” He then looked at the empty sheath on his belt and said, “We’ll have to drop by a blacksmith in the next town we’re at.”
“And a store,” Pumpkin said, “I didn’t grab the big backpack so the only things I have on me is money and the tome the Headmaster gave me.”
“At least the other stuff is replaceable….” Daniel said with a small smile. Pumpkin nodded and the two continued onward. As they did, Daniel still couldn’t help but still be scared. As much as he said he’d do his best to keep Pumpkin safe, doubt still hung over him like a dark cloud. Still, he had to press on no matter what. It was too late to turn back and Pumpkin needed him to be strong. For her sake and his, he would muster up whatever courage he could and push onwards.
Chapter 6: A new resolve.
It didn't take long for Daniel and Pumpkin to get to a small village, which was about a 5 day trip from Soudan. Because they had left their main bag behind when fleeing from Kira, the duo stopped by its market to get a new bag and supplies for the remainder of their trip to Soudan.
"How much will the bag and supplies cost?" Pumpkin asked as they walked through the marketplace before stopping by a quest board. 
"More than what we have on us…" Daniel said with a sigh, "Which means we're in a tough spot…. I wish I still had my sword… I could have sold it for a fair price..."
Pumpkin placed a hand on the wolf's arm, "Sorry… If your sword was closer, I'd have grabbed it before we fled but…"
"It's not your fault," Daniel said, "So don't worry about it…"
Pumpkin nodded before she heard footsteps heading towards her and Daniel, turning in time to see a Painted Dog clad in green and gold armor stopping behind them with a small shield on his left arm that covered his lower arm from his elbow to just over his hand.
"I'm sorry, I meant not to eavesdrop but I overheard that you two are short on money," The Painted Dog said, "Me and my team were about to head off to deal with some Black Beasts that are causing trouble near town for a job. Maybe you two could tag along and help. I'd be sure you two get a fair share."
"You're Fiendhunters, aren't you?" Daniel asked, turning to face the Painted Dog. 
"Fiendhunters?" Pumpkin asked, "Guessing by the name you hunt fiends for a living, right?"
"More or less," The Painted Dog said, "We're more like mercenaries that happen to often take jobs that deal with fiends and Black Beasts. It pays well so we can't complain."
"I see…" Daniel said, "So we can tag along?"
"Yep," The Painted Dog said. 
Pumpkin smiled before sighing, "Well, guess I'll try and figure out the spells in the old tome later…"
Daniel looked at Pumpkin, "Oh right, you haven't been able to figure out what spells are in it."
"Yeah…." Pumpkin said with a nod, "I've been trying to figure out what the spells are since we stopped at your place Daniel but so many pages are worn and weathered that they're unreadable… I've been able to decipher two offensive spells, those being Lumas and Ellight, and the healing spell Recover. But other than those three spells, I haven't deciphered what other spells might be in this…"
"Oh, you're a Light Mage?" The Painted Dog asked.
"Well…. Not really," Pumpkin said, "I've never had any real training so I don't know a lot of spells so I may not be able to help…"
The Painted Dog thought for a bit before turning, "Tharja, mind coming over here?"
A black cat looking clearly uninterested walked over to the Painted Dog, "What is it Astram?"
"You know Light Magic, right?" Astram asked.
"Only the spells Sagittae and Aurora," Tharja said, "Why?"
"Because I was wondering if you could teach her some Light Magic while me and the others are out hunting," Astram replied.
The black cat looked at Pumpkin, "Yeah, I can teach her." She then turned her attention to Astram and said, "But you won't have an Anima Mage to deal with foes with strong defenses."
"Daniel can deal with them," Pumpkin said, "And he’s a good one! He just needs Mana Crystals to cast it."
Astram smiled at Tharja, "See? It'll work out. See ya when me and the others get back." He then motioned for Daniel to follow as Tharja lead Pumpkin to a nearby inn to help her learn the two Light Spells. As the two canines walked, Astram looked at Daniel, "So, you're an Anima Mage, huh?"
"I was training at Garrec Mach Academy to be a spellsword actually so I'm also good with a sword," Daniel said, "I just need a new sword…"
"Not a problem," Astram said, "The two we're meeting up with are at a blacksmith's so getting you a new one won't be that hard." Daniel nodded and looked around a little as they continued towards the blacksmith. Once there, they went in and saw a dragon in heavy armor holding a shield almost as big as him and a Lynx in white robes wearing light armor standing near the counter of the shop talking till the two walked in.
"Oh, hey Astram!" The dragon said, "You found us a job to do?" He then noticed Daniel and asked with a look of disapproval, "Who's the kid? And where's Tharja?"
"The kid is… uh… His name is..." Astram looked at Daniel, realizing he never learned the wolf's name. 
"My name is Daniel," Daniel said, "I'm a student of Garrec Mach Academy. I’m currently on a journey with a Light Mage in training.” Daniel gestured to Astram, "Astram here had Tharja go help her learn two Light Spells while I take her place as your Anima Mage."
"Right," Astram said, nodding as he tried to make it look like he knew that, "Now then, I'm gonna get him a sword so he won't be a helpless target should he run out of Mana."
As the Painted Dog went to the counter to buy said sword,  the Lynx walked over to Daniel and smiled, "Hi, I'm Midea"
"Oh uh… Hi," Daniel said, turning to the Lynx.
"Everything okay?" Midea asked. 
“Well… uh…” Daniel started, unsure what to say, “To be honest, I… Well… I’m...”
“Scared that your magic isn’t good enough because you had a bad run in with a Mage of Black Magic and barely got out alive after seeing the Black Magic basically eat your Anima Spells without issue so you’re worried you won’t be helpful now,” Midea finished for Daniel, causing him to look at her funny.
“How did you…?” Daniel asked.
“Considering how many Anima Mages feel that way after encountering a Mage of Black Magic, call it a hunch.” Midea then smiled at the wolf, “Don’t worry about it. I know some Light Magic spells so I can get you out of trouble if you need it, alright?”
Daniel smiled and nodded, “Alright…”
Midea smiled once more and walked back over to the dragon as Astram walked over to them and handed Daniel a one-handed steel longsword.
“You’re good using a one-handed longsword, right?” Astram asked.
“It’ll take some getting used to but I can use it,” Daniel said, “It’s not a Claymore so I won’t have much trouble using it.”
Astram smiled and looked to the others and said, “Alright guys, let’s get going. Those Beowolves aren’t gonna slay themselves. And Doga, don’t forget to keep Midea in your line of sight. You know how these beasts work.”
“They locate the physically weakest person and then attack,” The dragon, Doga, said as he headed for the door, “And that’s usually the healer…”
“Which is Midea,” Astram said as he and the lynx followed Doga out the door, “So protect her.”
“I will,” Doga replied, “Don’t get your tail in a twist.” Daniel sighed as he walked out the door and followed Astram and his allies. The group travelled through the village, past some farmlands, and into the nearby forest. As they walked, Daniel stayed to the back as he was mostly unsure about the group. Both Astram and Midea seemed nice but Doga seemed like he didn’t like much of anything. Not to mention that Astram didn’t seem to entirely know what he was doing. Despite this, Daniel still thought that they were decent enough. They were young, probably newly graduated and new to working as a group. He knew from experience he had while training in Garrec mach that working in a group with people one doesn’t know is challenging so if that was the case, Doga’s attitude and Astram not a lot about leading a group would make sense. As they reached deeper into the forest, the group stopped as they heard a loud snarl, the sound of large branches and sticks snapping under something’s foot.
“What kind of Beowulf are we hunting, Astram?” Daniel asked.
“Uh… I think a normal one,” Astram said, “Why…?”
“That doesn’t sound like a normal Beowulf…" Daniel said, taking a step back. It was then that a large quadruped wolf-like creature, almost twice as tall Doga, the tallest of the group, with bone-like plates on it's back and a bone-like skull on its head stepped out into view.
“That’s a…” Midea gasped.
“BEOWULF ALPHA!!” Daniel yelled, fear in his eyes as he took a step backwards as he and the others drew their weapons.
“Doga, shield and protect Midea!” Astram yelled, backing up.
“Got it!” The dragon yelled as he ran to Midea’s side, his towershield in hand and in front of them. Midea began using Lumas to try and weaken the beast while Astram stared slashing at any exposed flesh to do the same.
“Get ready for an opening,” Astram said, dodging the beast as it swiped at him, “Once there is one, charge it!”
Doga nodded and braced for the Beowulf Alpha to swipe at him and give him his opening. As this happened, Daniel began to draw Mana from his remaining Mana Crystal, which was now in his pocket, preparing to cast a fire spell at the beast. Just as a bright crimson flame began to dance around his free hand, the Beowulf Alpha swiped at Doga and hit him, destroying his towershield and part of his armor while sending him flying. The flames went out in an instant as terror gripped Daniel once again, the feeling of helplessness coming over him. Doga, a dragon in heavy armor, strong enough to carry a towershield, was knocked out by a single swipe from the Beowolf with his towershield and part of his armor destroyed. If someone like Doga couldn’t stand up to it with all that armor, what good would his magic be. He merely stood where he was, frozen in fear as he watched Midea race to Doga to heal him while Astram tried to keep the beast focused on him. The wolf had never faced a black beast like this before. He knew magic was strong against through his studies but knowing what to do hypothetically was vastly different from actually facing it. He never realized it was this big, nevermind as strong as it was. In that moment, he felt like he was facing Kira again, her black magic closing in on him as he could do nothing to defend himself.
“WATCH IT!!” Astram yelled, tackling Daniel out of the way of an attack from the Beowulf Alpha and snapping the wolf back into reality. The painted dog quickly helped him to a fallen tree and had him get behind it. He was about to say something before noticing the fear on Daniel’s face. Smiling gently, Astram merely put a hand on the wolf’s shoulder and said, “Stay here. Me, Midea, and Doga will handle it. Just stay hidden and everything will be fine.” He then got up and jumped over the fallen tree before charging into battle once more. Daniel couldn’t believe that he was returning to the fight. He was surely going to be killed at the rate the battle was going yet he was still fighting. It was as if he knew that despite being outmatched, he was going to find a way to overcome this and win or die with a sword in hand. The wolf couldn’t understand how they seemingly weren’t scared but then it hit him. They were. They were just as terrified as he was but they weren’t letting them consume them. They were going to fight no matter how scared they were. Taking a deep breath, he pushed himself to his feet and turned towards the Beowulf Alpha, who was trying to bite Astram as Doga and Midea did their best to damage it. Gripping the hilt of his tightly, he began to draw from the Mana Crystal once more. Streams of soft blue light travelled from the pocket it was into his arm before spiralling down into his blade as the wolf jumped over the fallen log and charged at the Beowulf Alpha. He wouldn’t let fear consume him anymore nor would he let his doubt hold him back. For those he must protect, he had to fight and live! Knowing that piercing the middle of the beast’s head would do it in, he used Elwind to jump high into the air as the streams of soft blue light finished going into his blade, creating a layer of Mana that acted as another layer of the sword’s steel. Raising the sword high, Daniel turned it towards the Beowulf Alpha as he fell down to it’s shoulders, thrusting it into the bone-like skull, the layer of Mana allowing the blade to cut through it almost as if it was a piece of wood. However, Daniel had funnelled so much Mana into the sword that as soon as it pierced the bone-like skull, it rebounded, sending blades of Mana of various sizes outwards from the sword’s blade as it sank deeper into the Beowulf Alpha’s head, doing more damage to the Beowulf Alpha than Daniel as one of the Mana blades merely cut his cheek as others narrowly missed his right shoulder and legs. Soon after the rebound ended, the Beowulf Alpha let out a pitiful cry before falling forward to the ground, making Daniel stumble and nearly lose his footing, almost falling off of it.
“Did… Did he just down a Beowulf Alpha by himself…?” Doga asked, “HOW?!!”
“A clever trick…” Daniel answered, still shocked and surprised that he succeeded in killing it, “And sheer dumb luck…”
“I’ll say,” Midea said, “That trick of yours rebounded and could have seriously hurt you! What on Gaia were you doing?”
“To put it simply…” Daniel said as he pulled the blade out of the Beowulf Alpha’s head, “I imbued the blade of my sword with Mana, creating a layer of Mana around it….”
“In which made it act like a sword blade made of Mana, right?” Astram asked, “And that’s why it pierced the Beowulf’s protective plating easily, correct?”
“Yes to both of those questions,” Daniel said as he got down from the Beowulf Alpha, “Which makes it useful.”
“I bet,” Astram said, “How’d you learn that trick? Did someone teach it to you?”
“No,” Daniel said, “I was trying to enchant a sword at school by myself and failed. But I noticed that the Mana I sent into it stayed for a while before fading. I merely refined what I was doing and practiced a lot. This is the first time I used it in actual combat though.” He chuckled as he said, “I’d honestly not be surprised if someone figured out how to do that before me. It is a pretty simple combat art.”
“With something as simple as that, any spellsword or the like would likely know that trick,” Doga said, sounding a bit miffed.
“That as it may, the trick saved our tails," Midea said, "So show some gratitude." Doga huffed and turned away. Midea looked at Daniel and smiled, "I apologize for Doga. He's just mad that you were able to take out a Beowulf Alpha pretty easily, even if it was risky…"
“Well it was the only way I could think of to end the fight and keep you guys alive,” Daniel said, “I… I’ll admit, seeing Doga’s armor being destroyed terrified me. I honestly felt like I couldn’t do anything to help. But after seeing Astram, someone who, no offense, is probably the least prepared for a foe like this to keep fighting, I realized that I don’t have to be able to take on everything with ease. There’s things in this world far stronger than I ever could be. But that doesn’t mean I can’t at least try to rise above them. So, I used my magic to do just that.”
Midea smiled, “Seems like you like got past that fear of yours.”
The wolf shook his head, “No, I’m still scared. A part of me will always be scared. But ⁰I won’t let that fear control me. If I do, I put myself and others in danger, and I can’t afford to do that with my job. I need to push forward and conquer my fear so I can keep my charge safe.”
“That’s good to hear,” Midea said, “That mindset will benefit you in the future should you decide to continue this line of work.”
“Indeed,” Astram said, “Though I am a bit confused about something…” He looked at Midea, “What did you mean when you said that he ‘got past that fear of yours’?”
“Don’t worry about it Astra,” Midea said, lightly tapping the painted dog’s check, “It’s not something you need to be concerned about.”
Astram took a bit to respond but soon and nodded, “Alright.” He then smiled and stretched, “Well, we’ve slayed our target so let’s head back and report to the client that it’s been done.” Midea, Daniel, and Doga nodded and the group began walking back towards the town they came from with Astram in the lead and Doga in the back of the group. As they reached the town, Astram looked at Daniel, “Me, Midea, and Doga will go tell our client that we slayed the black beast. You can go find Pumpkin and prepare for the next part of your journey.” Daniel nodded and went to give his sword back to Astram only for the painted dog to push it back towards him. “Keep it,” Astram said, “It’s a gift. You need it more than me after all.”
“Thank you,” Daniel said before heading towards the inn. After about 15 minutes of looking around and asking the people in the town for directions, the wolf soon reached the inn and opened the door. Upon walking into the inn, he quickly spotted Pumpkin and Tharja on the far end of the inn’s lobby where Pumpkin practiced magic while Tharja was sitting nearby reading a tome of some sort. As he walked over to them, a floorboard creaked under him, causing Pumpkin’s ear to twitch as she heard it. Letting the magic she was using fade, the fennec fox quickly turned and ran over to Daniel, a smile on her face. “I’m guessing that your smile means things went well for you, huh?” The wolf asked upon seeing the smile.
“Yep!” Pumpkin said cheerfully. She then posed proudly as she said, “I can now cast the spell Sagittae!” The fennec fox then dropped the pose as she said, “I do need to work on the Aurora Spell a bit more though…”
“At least you started working on it,” Daniel said with a grin, “And you have another Light Spell to use, which is always good.”
Pumpkin nodded, “Indeed. And speaking of Light Spells, hold still.” She then moved her hand over the cut on the wolf’s cheek, healing it with ease. “You had a small cut on your cheek,” Pumpkin said as she pulled back her hand, “Thought I’d heal it for you. That being said, I’m honestly surprised you only had that cut. Your clothes are torn in areas yet there was only that wound...”
“I… stayed behind during the fight and froze at one point when… When it went poorly and I was reminded of my battle with Kira…” Daniel said, “So I wasn’t in direct danger… If it wasn’t for Astram, I’d likely have worse wounds.”
“Then how’d you get the cut?” Pumpkin asked, tilting her head.
“I used magic to temporarily enhance my sword and when I struck the Black Beast it rebounded,” Daniel said, “And I’m guessing the cut came from that.”
“I’ve heard magic can rebound but don’t exactly understand how or why it happens…” Pumpkin said.
“I’ll explain it when we start travelling again,” Daniel replied, “That way you can make sure your magic doesn’t rebound. Rebounding magic can be extremely dangerous after all.”
“Well being your clothes are torn in areas, it seems like you got lucky…” Pumpkin said.
“He did,” A voice said from behind them. Daniel turned to see Midea with a new bag and a money pouch in hand. “Astram wanted me to give you this,” The lynx said, handing Daniel the pouch and bag, “Your share of our earnings and a bag full of supplies you might need for your journey. Hopefully we grabbed the right ones. He also wanted to tell you that if you leave now, you’d likely reach the next town just before the first winds of the Passing Gale Moon begin to come down from the north.”
“Thank you,” Daniel said as he took the bag and pouch, “And please thank Astram for me.”
“I will,” Midea said with a smile, “Stay safe.”
“We’ll do our best,” Daniel replied as he put the pouch on his belt before slinging the bag over his shoulder
Pumpkin turned towards Tharja and waved to her saying, “Bye Tharja! Thanks for teaching me Sagittea!” Tharja merely glanced at the fennec fox and gave her a short wave in response. Pumpkin then turned back to Daniel and smiled, “Let’s get going.” Daniel nodded and headed out the inn with Pumpkin following him closely. Once outside, the two continued on with their journey towards Soudan, hoping that they’d make it in time to meet with Lynhardt.
Chapter 7: 
Midea, as smart as she was, did not account for the winds of the Passing Gale Moon to sweep over the land as soon as they did, the first winds wasting little time as by the first day of the moon the winds blew in from the north. The Passing Gale Moon is a time where the winds of Gaia shift, signalling a change in seasons. For Fodlan, during this moon the winds shift, blowing cold arctic air from the north over the continent, signalling the coming of winter. The northern kingdom of Fardarly is a normally cold place and the farmers there work hard to grow their crops. Many see this moon as a deadline for harvesting their crops as the temperature drops fast. Luckily, food is still plentiful thanks to trade so no matter how harsh a winter might be, the people will not go hungry. As these winds of change swept over the land, Daniel and Pumpkin made their way through a rocky hill pass on their way to Soudan, not but an hour walk away from the city.
As they walked, Pumpkin sneezed loudly as bitter cold air raced past her and the wolfdog in front of her. “Ugh… I hate this month…” She muttered, shivering from the cold, “I hate the winters in Fardarly in general actually…” Daniel looked back at her just as she looked at the ground and said, “I wish my winter coat was long enough to help me stay warm…” It wasn’t long after she said this that she felt and saw Daniel wrap his cape around her. “Wh… Won’t you need this to stay warm…?” The fennec fox asked, surprised.
Daniel pointed to the long neck fur that poofed out and fell over the collar of his shirt, “Not really.”
“Oh, right… You have a long winter coat that’s coming in now…” Pumpkin said with a small smile. 
“If you think that it makes me lucky, it has its drawbacks,” Daniel said, “The biggest being how much I shed when my winter coat comes in and when my summer coat does the same.”
“I bet,” Pumpkin said, “Still, you’re more suited for the bitter cold weather here… Unlike me…” She tugged on the cape wrapped around her and sighed before saying with a slight blush on her face, “Still, thanks again for letting me use your cape…”
“No problem,” Daniel said with a smile, “I couldn’t let you shiver in the cold like you were. It should do the trick till we get to Soudan. We should be able to find winter clothes for you there.”
Pumpkin nodded, “Speaking of Soudan, how far are we from it?”
“Not far,” The wolfdog replied, “We should be there before the sun reaches its peak.” Sure enough, they made it to the city at least 2 hours before the sun reached its peak in the sky. 
As they entered it, Pumpkin looked around, “The note didn’t say where in Soudan Lynhardt would be, did it?”
“No but I’m sure Lynhardt has a means of letting us know,” Daniel said.
Pumpkin looked at the wolf, confused, “What do you mean by---”
“Excuse me,” A grey furred cat said from behind them, interrupting Pumpkin and making her jump, “You two wouldn’t happen to be the young Ashton and the girl he’s traveling with, would you?”
Daniel looked at him, “And if we were?”
“My young master wishes to speak with you,” The cat said, “If you would, follow me.” Daniel nodded and followed the cat through town. Pumpkin did so as well, though it was rather hesitantly. Something about the cat rubbed her the wrong way but she couldn’t figure out what. The two continued to follow him till they reached an inn and he opened the door. “The young master is inside,” He said, motioning them into the inn.
Daniel nodded and slowly walked inside, hand on the hilt of his sword. As they entered, the innkeep pointed them to a room down a hall in front of them. The duo made their way to the room before Daniel slowly and carefully opened it.
“I wondered when you’d get here,” A familiar voice said from the other side, “And don’t be so tense, I’d never harm a friend. Intentionally anyway. If they betrayed me, well, that’s another story. But they wouldn’t be my friend then, would they?”
A smile crossed Daniel’s face as he heard this and he fully opened the door, his tail wagging a bit, “Lynhardt!”
The green furred panther looked at the two and smiled, “Hello again. Please, step inside so we can talk.” He then noticed that Pumpkin still had the cape wrapped around her and motioned to the room’s bed saying, “You can put the cape there. I’ll have my butler find you some suitable winter wear.”
“Thank you,” Pumpkin said, taking the cape off and laying it on the bed.
“Speaking of butlers, is that who led us here?” Daniel asked.
“Yes,” Lynhardt said, “Why?”
“Would have never guessed he was yours,” Daniel answered, “I honestly thought he was leading us into a trap.”
“I apologize,” Lynhardt said, “It wasn’t my intent. I wonder what led you to feel that way…”
“Might have been the fact he called you ‘young master’ and not ‘Master Lynhardt’ like Sebastian does,” Daniel said, “At least that’s the only thing I can think of.”
“Ah yes, that would be a good reason for you to feel in such a way,” Lynhardt said, “You are accustomed to hearing me be referred to as ‘Master Lynhardt’ so hearing someone refer to me as ‘young master’ without me around would be off putting.”
“I honestly never even thought you had a butler, let alone two…” Pumpkin said, “You never came across as one who did… Then again, we didn’t talk much during the week I was staying at the academy… You must be rather rich…”
“Yes, well, wealth does come with being born into a noble family,” Lynhardt said.
Pumpkin took a step back, a bit shocked, “You’re a noble?!”
“Only as far as my bloodline is concerned,” Lynhardt said, “Allow me to introduce myself fully. I am Lynhardt von Nuvelle of the now defunct House Nuvelle of the Hidoke Kingdom.”
“That means…?” Pumpkin asked, confused.
“It means that the house no longer exists politically,” Daniel answered, “Meaning he has no noble status, no political power, or even the ability to govern a territory within that kingdom. However, his wealth, house, and land his family owns is still his.”
“Is that so?” Pumpkin asked.
“Yes, and it’d be a real shame…. if anyone in my family actually cared about all that,” Lynhardt said, “But alas, no in my family has cared about the title of nobility since, oh, before the  Osutorian Uprising roughly 650 years ago.”
“The Osutorian Uprising?” Pumpkin asked, a bit confused, “I heard about that…. Wasn’t that an uprising that led to the creation of the Kingdom of Artrelia?”
Daniel nodded, “It was. Starting in the Osutorian Territory, the uprising came about after years of heavy taxes and hard labor placed on the people living there by the Hidoke Nobiles living there. Back then, Hidoke was an Empire that was feared but when the uprising happened, the empire was crumbling. The nobiles of the Empire were bickering and fighting among themselves, which prevented a proper army being formed to retake the territory. By the time it was, those living there were backed by the might of the Kingdom of Fardarly and the empire’s army was swiftly beaten by these forces, forcing the empire, realizing that this was the end of it’s time as one, to surrender and grant those of the Osutorian Territory, and those in neighboring territories that joined the fight, their freedom and recognized them as their own kingdom. Soon after, the ruling house of Hidoke changed from House Hresvelg to House Ilia, becoming the Hidoke Kingdom in the process. Soon after, the people of the new Kingdom of Artrelia immortalized the mages Suria and Angea as two of the heroes of the war.”
“And in the process stripped my family of its title,” Lynhardt said, “All because they didn’t give soldiers to fight what they saw as a pointless war.”
“I see,” Pumpkin said, seemingly lost in thought.
“Something on your mind?” Daniel asked.
“It’s the name Angea…” Pumpkin said, “I could have sworn I either heard or read it somewhere but I can’t place where I did….”
“Likely one of the Fire Anima Tomes of Garrec Mach as she made one of the strongest fire based Anima Spells known to us, Angea’s Arrow,” Lynhardt said.
“That’s it!” Pumpkin said, pointing at Lynhardt, “Angea’s Arrow! I overheard a student saying he wanted to try the spell in the training grounds. I’m not sure it went well….”
“Unless they were a fourth year, I doubt it,” Lynhardt said, shaking his head.
Pumpkin smiled a little, “It’s an odd thought…. To have your name engraved in history for the creation of a spell…”
“Well it wasn’t just Angea that made it,” Daniel said, “Suria had a hand in it as well. While Angea laid the groundwork, Suria perfected it after the war and made sure it was named after Angea.”
“Really?” Pumpkin asked, “I’m honestly surprised… I guess she wanted to honor her. I do wonder why though.”
“That will have to wait,” Lynhardt said, “I did ask you here for a reason. We need to talk about where you go from here on your journey to Port Rago. I may not have been someone the Headmaster trusted with knowledge of your task and what Pumpkin might be but Lady Cathlyne asked me to help you get to Port Rago safely and I’ll see to it that task is completed.”
Daniel nods, “Good to know. Say, has Lady Cathlyne heard anything from the Headmaster that she thinks we should know? I haven’t heard anything from him after we left Garrec Mach Academy. Heck, I haven’t even heard about him even.”
Lynhardt was silent before saying, “The Headmaster…. Died the day you left. He was protecting students as they fled from Hidoke Soldiers that wished to harm them using a shield spell. Some sort of spell pierced it and…. He didn’t make it.” The panther looked at Daniel with a concerned look as he went to speak only for the wolf to turn away.
“I…. I need to collect my thoughts….” Daniel muttered before walking out of the door.
Pumpkin let out a sigh, “It’s horrible to hear about the Headmaster…. And with the way Daniel reacted, he must have been fairly close with him….”
“You’d think that but in reality, aside from the occasional meetings to talk about his progress and whatnot, they weren’t close at all,” Lynhardt said.
“Seriously?” Pumpkin asked as she turned to face the green furred panther, “They weren’t?”
“They weren’t,” Lynhardt said, “And a lot of it stems from what happened when he first came to Gerrac Mach Academy 2 years ago.”
“What happened?” Pumpkin asked, a look of worry on her face.
“To put it plainly, word got out that the Headmaster pulled a few strings to get him into the academy and many a rumor began to spread about it,” Lynhardt explained, “Many the rumors were that he was some sort of prodigy with magic, which likely came from the fact many of the students the Headmaster brings to the academy become adept mages within years. In anycase, these rumors lead to many teachers having extremely high expectations for Daniel. This in turn led to him to overwork himself once he found out as…. Well…. He didn’t want to fail because he didn’t reach their expectations.”
“But he wouldn’t have failed, right?” Pumpkin asked, a bit worried.
“No but he didn’t know,” Lynhardt said, “Honestly, I don’t blame him. Up till that point, he was just a simple farm boy from Ram Village, a nowhere village in the Naryja Territory in the Kingdom of Fardarly, completely unprepared for what would be expected of him normally at the academy. Tack the expectations caused by the rumors and well…. You’d probably get an idea of how he felt.”
“I can….” Pumpkin said, “I honestly can. Did those rumors get dispelled? And did the Headmaster have a hand in it?”
“The rumors did get dispelled but not by the Headmaster,” Lynhardt said, “He was busy with his work, which if I’m honest should've included dispelling the rumors and getting rid of those high expectations. No, that was due to Prof Lucian, who saw a magical talent in Daniel but nothing that’d make him a prodigy. And it was around that time that Lady Cathlyne actually started helping Daniel get used to academy life.”
“Really?” Pumpkin asked, “How?”
“By having him attack her with a wooden stick,” Lynhardt said, “And no, that wasn’t a joke. It was at the end of our first semester, near finals. Daniel’s studies were dropping and he was extremely frustrated almost all the time. I couldn’t even get him to talk to me without him snapping at me, which was honestly surprising though understandable with all the stress he was in. One day while we were in the training grounds, Lady Cathlyne noticed how frustrated he was and had him spar with her, using wooden swords of course. As they did, Daniel attacked with every once of frustration and anger he had. After a while, she disarmed him and he broke down. Lady Cathlyne stayed till he calmed down before offering him a place in her sword combat class. She never had high expectations for him and if he ever was frustrated, he’d likely be sparring with her. From that, a friendship grew.”
“I’m still surprised that the headmaster didn't do anything about the rumors…” Pumpkin said, “Almost makes me think--” She stopped mid sentence as she and Lynhardt heard a door open. It didn’t take long before a grey blue furred mountain lion where bronze colored light armor carrying a double bladed poleaxe on his shoulder walked in.
“Alright Lyn, the Regao Pass is cleared of scouts and---” He stopped talking as he noticed Pumpkin, “Oh, uh, hi. You are….?”
“I’m Pumpkin….” Pumpkin said, unsure of what to think of the mountain lion.
“Pumpkin?” The mountain lion asked, “As in….” He looked behind him before whispering, “ The Auspex Lyn is helping?”
Pumpkin awkwardly smiled and nodded, “Yeah…. That’s me.”
The mountain lion smiled, “Nice! My name’s Caspar!”
“I filled him in so he can help with that axe of his,” Lynhardt said.
“It’s a big one,” Pumpkin said, “Must be hard to wield."
"Kinda, but it's worth it to be like the Fiendbreaker," Caspar said with a grin.
“‘The Fiendbreaker’....?” Pumpkin asked, confused.
“He’s talking about a Lycan named Titus,” Lynhardt said, “A fiendhunter that’s famous for being able to slay any time of fiend no matter how strong they are without magic, earning him the title Fiendbreaker. That fact made him a hero for Caspar as he can’t use magic himself.”
“Yep,” Caspar said with a grin, “Sad thing is…. I’ll likely never meet him.”
“What do you mean?” Pumpkin asked.
“18 years ago he vanished without a trace,” Caspar said, “No one knows why. Some say he went to start a family in peace, others say he might have been killed. I doubt he’s dead honestly. He’s too strong to have died.” He then smiled and said, “But wherever he is or what happened to him doesn’t matter, he’s still a hero to a lot of people like me who were inspired by him to protect others as he did. So…. I’m gonna become the next Fiendbreaker and become that hero for others!”
“Well I wish you luck in that endeavour,” Pumpkin said.
Caspar’s smile grew bigger before looking at Lynhardt, “So, where’s the other person that was traveling with her?”
“He’s--” Lynhardt started before Daniel walked back into the room, “He’s right behind you.” As Caspar turned Lynhardt smiled at the wolf, “Guessing you’re feeling better now, huh?”
“Yeah,” Daniel said, “Now, what is this all about? After all, we’ve managed to avoid it for a while so it’s best we get talking about it.”
“Indeed,” Lynhardt said, levitating a map to him and showing it to Daniel and Pumpkin, “I called you two here so you because the main path to Port Rago isn’t safe. Lord Laynto is waiting in ambush for you two within the forest a few miles down that path.”
“Let me guess, he’s got most routes blocked by his other soldiers,” Daniel said, annoyed.
“Actually, no,” Lynhardt replied, “Just the main ones out of his territory, thanks to Lady Cathlyne.”
“What do you mean?” Pumpkin asked, confused.
“Yeah,” Daniel said in agreement, “How would she have anything to do with that? Unless…. The politics of Fardarly Lords have been fairly stable for the most part but many don’t let other cross the border without knowing the reason…” He looked at Lynhardt in surprise, “Are you saying that--”
Lynhardt nodded with a grin, “Indeed. She tricked Lord Laynto into thinking that Pumpkin had not only bewitched you into thinking she was innocent but was moving separately from you to avoid being seen by saying she thought she saw a fennec fox matching her description on her way to the border, a lie to be sure.”
“Given when you got the note and when the battle happened, we were likely already at that home of yours or at the forest’s edge when she told Laynto that,” Pumpkin said, looking at Daniel.
“I’d say that was a good estimate,” Lynhardt said, “Lady Cathlyne didn’t enter the Kestral Woods til at least two days after that meeting with Laynto.”
“So what does this do for Lady Cathlyne?” Daniel asked, his question confusing Pumpkin, “Laynto is localizing his forces into one area and from the sounds of it is in one of those areas. Not to mention, she’s never liked the man considering how she reacts whenever I bring him up when we’ve talked.”
“She’s using this as a chance to enact her duty as a Noblewoman of the Kingdom of Fardarly and remove Lord Laynto from power,” Lynhardt explained, “Which is in part why me and Caspar are here, so we can meet up with her once we’re done here.”
“‘Her duty…?’” Pumpkin asked, a bit confused.
“The Noble Houses that govern the territories of the Fardarly Kingdom are bound to an oath that they’ll deal with any ruling Lord or Lady that seems to have become corrupt,” Daniel explained, “This is to make sure that none of them abuse their power and causes a revolt.”
Lynhardt nodded, “And now she’ll be upholding that oath by removing Laynto from power, by force if need be. And while that happens, you two will be taking an alternate route through the Regao Pass. It’ll take longer, roughly 2 months, give or take, but it should be safer.”
“Should be?” Pumpkin asked.
“It’s known for having some bandits and brigands blocking the path but not large groups,” Lynhardt said.
“Great….” Pumpkin muttered with a sigh, “We escape running into a Nobleman’s army by traveling down a pass that possibly has bandits….”
“Well it’s better than fighting an organized army,” Daniel said.
“True,” Pumpkin said, “We better get moving so Lynhardt doesn’t hold up Lady Cathlyne.”
Daniel nodded and went to put on his cape as Pumpkin was given some winter clothes and was shown a place to change into them. Once Pumpkin had changed into her new winter clothes, Lynhardt walked them outside.
“Well, looks like this is where we part ways," Lynhardt said.
"Yeah," Daniel said, "Hopefully I won't be gone long and that Pumpkin will be revealed as innocent."
"You realize that the one behind this whole thing is Kira, right?" Lynhardt asked, "I don't think that she'll let that happen."
"If it wasn't for… what Kira has done up to this moment, I wouldn’t believe you,” Daniel said with a sigh, “But because of that… I honestly do, which isn’t a thought I like.”
“Well I’ll see what I can do,” Lynhardt said, “My family still has friends in political power. They could help move an investigation towards the truth.”
“Thanks,” Daniel said, nodding.
“Don’t mention it,” Lynhardt said with a small smile, “You two stay safe, okay?”
Daniel smiled, “Count on it. See ya when it’s safe to return.”
“See ya,” Lynhardt said softly as Daniel and Pumpkin headed off towards Regao Pass.
As the two did, Pumpkin looked at Daniel, “Surprised you didn’t mention that Kira attacked you with Dark Magic…”
“I would have but…. I don’t want that news getting out,” Daniel replied, “As the one recognized as the Auspex as a descendant of Ilia, she’s practically head of the Church of Illia. As such, she could use that power to convince others that I’m spouting baseless lies, which will be counted as heresy. With how big the Church is, that’s much harder to run from than this.”
“Still, what if Lynhardt ends up facing her?” Pumpkin asked, “Wouldn’t he be in danger?”
Daniel sighed, “Maybe? I think he knows some Light Magic.” He looked at Pumpkin and said, “But the thing is, she’s after the two of us. The reasons are different but that doesn’t change the fact that she is. Unless Lynhardt actively shows himself helping or stopping her attempts at trying to get to us, he should be safe.” 
Pumpkin was silent for a few minutes before asking, “Say, I know this is a bit of an odd question  but me and Lynhardt were talking earlier and…. Do you still feel the expectations placed on you because the late Headmaster got you into Garrec Mach?"
Daniel stopped walking and turned to look at Pumpkin, a bit surprised by the question. After a while, he let out a sigh and said, "Sometimes…  He was a great mage and most of the students he brought to the academy were great mages as well while I'm…. I am nobody from a small village made up of mostly farmers with only an average magical ability…. So I doubt I’m gonna amount to anything like the mages he picked before me."
Pumpkin chuckled, “I can understand that….”
“What do you mean?” Daniel asked, a bit confused.
“The Auspex is the protector of the world,” Pumpkin said, “And, if I am the Auspex, there have been so many before me that’s probably done great things…. And the Church….” She sighs, “They likely have so many records of past Auspex doing great things…. Not to mention that they recognize Kira as the Auspex…. Safe to say that I feel a lot of pressure because of that….”
Daniel chuckled, “I guess the pressure I feel pales in comparison to yours in that case…”
“No, it’s just yours is different than mine,” Pumpkin said, “Well, for the most part. We both have a legacy to live up to. I only have that extra thing regarding Kira and the Church.” She then smiled at the wolf, “And for the record, I only expect you to do your best, alright? No need to stress you out while travelling together by having expectations like that, especially when you yourself said you only have an average talent with magic even if you have a lot of potential with it.”
Daniel smiled a little, “Thanks… And I’m not expecting you to be some all powerful Mage because you might be the Auspex. You’re only human[i].”
Pumpkin’s smile grew bigger, “Thanks. Now, we better get moving. Even with Lady Cathlyne going to deal with Lord Laynto, there might be a scout that was sent this way.” Daniel nodded and the duo continued on their path to Regao Pass so they could reach Port Rago safely.
Chapter 8:
[a]The way she speaks out of self-reflection almost sounds like she's answering in a sarcastic retort. Of course, right now it's hard to tell what her personality really is because of the time skip. All she had so far are small conversations and not much action to show her character so you can say this is basically her first impression. Reservation is a nature least like her, from my perspective, and extremely outspoken.
[b]I'll do my best to fix the characterization issue caused by the time skip when I try and add to chapter 1. Hopefully it works.
[c]Headmaster places a lot of hope on Daniel without explaining a whole lot of why, considering this IS the Auspex lineage that is oh so super important to the future of this world
[d]I plan on delving into why more as the story goes on but I will try to explain a bit of it in the chapter 1 addition.
[e]"PS. But in the off chance that you aren't the Auspex please mail this book back to me as this is an important artifact thanks"
[f]Australian Shepard
[g]So, I'm just wondering in case I missed this but, didn't Daniel have "wounds that cannot be healed"? He seemed pretty healthy right after that specific moment.
[h]Not really. It was more pain that still lingered as an effect of surviving Black Magic. I should really make that more clear when the Headmaster speaks....
[i]I honestly had no better word to put here. Having a world full of anthros kinda limits what words I can use in a phrase like that. If anyone has a better word to put there, please let me know. It'd be greatly appreciated.
